You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And they know that a revelation is generally something that gets fell somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple back to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of hard circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
When he was beaten up to bleed every week in the kids ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life by letting me go into the bathroom 's room .
I made it secret .
for three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , in the middle of the night , I got a phone call from that master 's lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I am disillusioned that we never get to know us .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get me wrong with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and the <unk> of his family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to meet me , it became a box of ashes , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about was made itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And they know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs true and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this .
It also needs -- needs dignity , love and pleasure . And it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature , and that 's all interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I got them around my water almost 60 feet , and I could n't get more than thinking about a snowflake about another snowflake about a year after year .
The <unk> are born when they fall out of the glaciers , or break down the barriers of ice .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of you are refuse to give up and hold up to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more and be measured in a kind of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see an iceberg that are isolated apart and alone , largely as we see ourselves as humans .
But reality is the opposite .
As an iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
And as a eardrum melts a iceberg releases rich water in minerals that feeds in many forms of life .
I walk up to photograph these things as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , exist that way , and will not come back in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but then it 's a continuation of its way through the life cycle .
Part of the ice 's ice I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to be actually going to see a rolling iceberg .
Here they have .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the boat has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a pharmacy of Greenland , <unk> .
<unk> from the water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And just like , the iceberg shows a different side of its personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby is a baby . Okay .
So two couples every one with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much on the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception of conception .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the sperm and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X X of sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg .
They both turn on and then life begins .
We 'll go back to them later .
In my activity , I will play two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training , and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- that is , of human bodies and <unk> , how they 'd be considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body .
The other role that I do in my work is an activist , as a patients , or , like I say sometimes , advocate for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than average .
And I 've been working with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical typology do n't fit into male male schemes and female female .
We can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes many forms .
I 'm going to put them in a few examples , in ways of having a sex that wo n't be used in male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with an XY <unk> of the chromosome out of the chromosome , and he says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which are testes .
And then in the fetal life , the testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks the cure of testosterone , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a consequence , the body develops following a female course .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a little girl .
He 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And so often , it 's not until puberty , when he 's growing up and getting breast breast , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After doing tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , they actually have testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's not really like this .
Women , like men , have a body called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider myself a typical woman ; I do n't know her <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman most women as I am sensitive to the <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the brain more exposed to the <unk> that the woman who was born with <unk> <unk> <unk> .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- somehow they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old kid who was born and raised as a male ; he had girlfriend , and she had sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy , and I had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes , and in the uterus , <unk> glands , they were so active that they basically created a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , his genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone component , typically .
He was born as a child , no one suspected of it .
And it was at age 19 when he started having medical problems caused by the internal menstruation , when the doctors discovered that , in fact , she was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with the 20th century develop what 's known as <unk> , is to say , have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are like dwarf , fraternal twins , or <unk> <unk> , is not to be able to die of a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly sane .
The reason they come back to various surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is having female identity ; supposedly , being black means having African anatomy in historical terms .
A very simplistic idea .
And when you show us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids that are born like two people within a body .
The most extreme case is last year with South African <unk> <unk> <unk> , and he put on the fabric of his sex <unk> at the Berlin <unk> .
Many journalists called it to wonder , `` What are you going to do to determine whether <unk> <unk> is a man or woman ? ''
And I had to tell the journalists that there is n't such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or <unk> and women and women and women , and they 're us who we draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more advances in science , more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought of were stable anatomic categories that were going directly into stable <unk> categories are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of the fact of <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved forward in science , we grow more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that <unk> are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggle at first and the end of life .
It 's hard to set out a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There 's really <unk> discussions today today <unk> not in public , but I do n't know about it when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of them put a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved still , I did n't know it .
If it stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we have to deal with the dilemma of determining really someone 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this categories of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I 'm inviting people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
You know that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking of <unk> .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I 've got to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find each of you and I find that <unk> music , and not by the music , which is totally <unk> .
That 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
Founding Fathers were , for me , the first of the anatomy and explain why .
What they had been rejected was a concept of anatomic concept , and he would plug it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what 's been rejected by our Founding Fathers was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming from the law of blood from the father of the father and then the son and so on .
Parents have rejected that idea and replaced it for a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They did the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common anatomy and not the anatomic differences . That was a very radical thing .
And they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where they were happening two things .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time you were born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Founding Fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> from supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of supernatural power being passed from a vague sense of birth .
They were moving towards a single naturalist concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were passing out the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And in doing so , they were laid out the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about it that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the course of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that we 're going to get to the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference , and again , they succeeded .
We see the same with the Movement of <unk> .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some sides divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be <unk> to the anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five-year-old should be allowed to have sex or married .
There are some divisions divisions that for me to make sense , and that I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two things I 'm going to show at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born on term : the March March of 1980 .
For the fact that Mary was born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because they have a different biological age , but because he was born afterwards .
We found others in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered a man , if I did n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , in virtue of being a man now <unk> the mandatory <unk> , I do n't have to worry about it .
Mary , for her part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all of the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So they still persist anatomic categories , which in various ways are gap and questionable .
And now the question is , what do we do now that science went so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science escapes .
Where do we go ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is sort of a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people left in a rare position .
For example , Texas has now decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't make tests <unk> .
But this is also very strange , given the story I told you about the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I 'm speaking to team '' offers a solution .
It says we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do I judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be <unk> in this to promote people 's rights , because I have admit that I know from some <unk> <unk> that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of the ones that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships than about 40 I know .
So how do you put the theme of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the U.S. is still driving this current thinking of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to make a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who 's attracted to other men is <unk> reactive , unless they 're willing to have a change in sex , in which case it is allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that he had made a couple of years ago that I 'd made <unk> twins and then pick up their fame .
But when the phone asked the reason for the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , he said that in the other country , these kids would be very abused , and so he had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
America offers huge possibilities for people to be who they are without <unk> to change the state 's sake .
So I think we need to be the head .
Well , to finish , I want to say that I 've been talking a lot about parents .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we had given more engagement to Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomy , particularly if there are people thinking about group .
For years , since I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in researching the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about research studies is that women , on average , not all , but they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and dealing with those who are <unk> inside the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
So years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in Feminism <unk> , I was considered by feminist , like <unk> made me a strange argument .
Tell me what of feminine feminism . ''
And I thought , `` This is the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with rid of the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female to feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about your question , the more I have thought of it , the more I have a feminine woman .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if the parents were very attentive , they were really going to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , if I have been more revered to this concept , we would perhaps have enriched the concept of protection with `` reciprocal support . ''
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : thinking less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So , as we try to create a more perfect link , let 's think about what we do with each other .
Thank you .
In the year 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to live and work , have the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count on a single city , willing to <unk> .
But the amazing thing about cities is that worth a lot more than the cost of building .
So we could easily replace the world tens , perhaps hundreds , new cities .
Well , this can be absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But we just went through for apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were owners and that the other half is still not lacking .
You could try to increase the capacity by making <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the distractions of the construction .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , building a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place , the construction instead of putting it out .
So I proposed that governments are going to bridge new reform areas of large enough to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter .
I later learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> would come up from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went by a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> with a platform in which we promised reforms and at the same time .
He asked her to be his chief cabinet chief .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk to TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under a charter to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and upset all the current apartment residents .
They 're very paying a lot of attention to new technologies , but it needs both of technologies like norms to make progress , and usually it 's the rules that keep us out .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed him to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's tell the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And he used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Notice , that 's land that in some cases , worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was really in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it 's starting with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that were going on there and a choice for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras were called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way our country is going forward .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk again about the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture in Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport , it covers more than 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that will measure it at least 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
The whole world <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The February of the conference came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you so much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the Talk TEDTalk .
I 've got it here on my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city where they could go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to North .
And it also would include new choices for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras ' government would need help from partnerships countries , they could benefit from countries associated with them that they help them establish and make the charter standards , so that they could all be trusted in order to actually be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could be easily fooled by a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly after the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to promote his Constitution and adding a constitutional disposal to allow them to create these special development regions .
In a country that I had just passed through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress , in favor of this constitutional amendment , was <unk> to one .
All the parties , all the factions in society , the very <unk> .
For <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th , passed over again in another voting , of 114 regrets .
Immediately after the vote , from 21 to 24 in February , a <unk> delegation was to the two places in the world who are more interested in engaging in the city building .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after they spent four years getting the permissions .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , two cities have been built in China and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a place for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come with , and at the time , would allow it to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the ultimate court court for this new judicial system .
There are <unk> <unk> and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know they 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to be changed immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job ; sometimes they 're single mothers who have to make money to just eat or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes there are sometimes kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What are it thinking about encouraging families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and post in my blog , and bold , colorful , colorful suits for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> markets .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores will allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to know people <unk> -- usually my money goes to a good cause , and my aspect is unique -- and buy a personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is my size ?
Am I like color ?
Is it going to cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , how do you bring someone who have all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
You 're inside for exactly a week , it 's all I 've put on my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know how the woman walking at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the collections for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
So I call this bright tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost always see it just about 50 dollars .
The whole thing , including the jacket , took me 55 to 55 , and is the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : The color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be from bad mood , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 're also going to get away .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that you 're wearing inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the costumes , or I remember their little seven years .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're looking good with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good with something , it probably is true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years that I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you ca n't see you ca n't get it .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden gold <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a own personal style and unique style of telling the world about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week simply by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to get into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , to Brooklyn , I 'll give everything .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things back .
I do n't need to keep these things emotionally , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy suit , colorful and brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and I 'm looking for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you 're on a scale to measure the <unk> of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive .
So , where do you turn your brain on this scale ?
Now , some of these extremes for one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a huge fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , like most of the other experimental physicists , we need a lot of logic to make these complicated ideas complicated .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 've got to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A sense of intuition that you can have developed over the years is that it says that one thing can be only in one place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar .
It was a little kid , and he did n't do it very well , he always fell .
But I bet the game with that parking bar I showed you a valuable lesson , and it 's that big things will not allow them to get them , and that they remain in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that can be in the world , except you 're a physicist particle .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really strange things -- they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point there was the physics a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe these little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , no one saw a particle .
But it did n't fit right to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , so should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the beginning of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that has been on a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'll expand a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we do a pretty good approach to the small metal metal .
So what we see is a little bit of metal , a springboard for a trampoline , and that stands up on a platform .
And then I did this almost the same way that you would show a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a form of swimming swimming that 's underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be on a quantum coat , but it needs a bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll stop doing those things , because I do n't really want to bother them , or actually freak out .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> <unk> objects are not just people , but it 's also the light that shines the light and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we 'd have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
So we 're introduced by the lights , then we introduced a vacuuming , and we pulled out all the air , and then we get it down at a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero .
Now , when I 'm just on the elevator , the small piece of metal is free of acting as it wants .
So we measure their movements .
We found it moving in very strange ways .
Instead of staying in a perfectly still , it was vibrating . And the way it was <unk> was like a breath in this form -- like a bellows that expands and contract .
And by giving it a soft drive , we were able to make it <unk> and do n't get it at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and did n't get it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time that atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain points when that line line .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which at the same time means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was a clean thing in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is kind of the difference between that little metal and you .
So if one only atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logic that speaks .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How did you act in your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned on the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I was able to get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator actually are just quantum objects that you 're just putting on in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics , you hear that it 's all interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job on Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss , which is here , and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with very interesting museum of nine different countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did .
I think my own story is just explaining to me just on this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> of a great education -- not <unk> me , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and went to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to do the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
So I 'd better show you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from your launch .
So , simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museum there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to get into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways of doing that -- very simple .
We click , and we 're <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
No matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You 're moving around and fun .
Would you want to navigate the museum ?
We open up the plane up , and with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hall .
Keep forward . Get up !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't reached the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10 billion pixels .
And there 's a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you actually get with 10,000 pixels .
You can zooming around around very simple .
You see things that are going on .
I love this guy , his expression is not price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found myself with something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
And I found that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a Tuesday last Tuesday .
And it seems very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even deeper and deeper and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , so you 'll see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 'll quickly jump again to MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to see how Gogh would actually create this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really does .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` Last night , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another favorite of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everyone , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that does .
You can online create your own museum , create your own collection of all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter , and I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming , '' -- we just zoom in around .
This is about ambassadors at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things up , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So , in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all incredible things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even either from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium do justice for his artwork , and it 's represented properly online .
And the big question that you 're doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everyone .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian , all the children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom . But the reason I 'm showing you this is that something really interesting happened in Formula 1 races in the last two decades .
A long time ago , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I took a budget and you 'll take it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot and the pilot was good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , became real control system in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that control systems in real time are starting to get into our lives .
Our cities , over the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're making computers out of the open .
And , like , you 're starting to respond differently and be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is big .
As a note apart , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be something big .
Beyond cities , all of these detections , are getting into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition from Paola <unk> for the late year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` The uncle '' to me .
Well , our objects , the environment , are starting to speak to us .
In a way , it 's like most of the existing atoms were going to become sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outer environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo wrote the Moses , he says that at the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it down to Moses -- you can still see a little bit <unk> and said , `` Why do n't you talk about <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> in the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer summer , 2006 .
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , in the end , he won Italy .
Now , let 's see what happened that day , observing the activity of mine .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river River .
It 's the morning before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
In the early evening , there are people over here and there making calls , moving .
The game begins : silence .
<unk> from France , <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people make a quick call and goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First time , one second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win Italy , yeah !
That night all went to celebrate the center .
There you see the great peak .
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everyone went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman period , people will celebrate ; it 's a big party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't make a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac , how they assemble it .
But we know very little about where things are going .
So in this project we developed small tags to track the garbage on its shift through the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to label what they were throwing , different kinds of things , as you can see , things like you can see .
Then we put a little chip , a tag on the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from it .
So from Seattle .
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
There are complicated things happening , and there 's lots of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that dropped not disappears , which is still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that you dropped on one day still go there .
So if we show that to people , then we can promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and said that Spain and the south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how do technology , new technology , would you join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine that you have a heart and valves , <unk> tubes , <unk> opening up and closed .
It 's believed as a water curtain , with water missing .
If the missing missing , you can write on them , show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain is going to open up so that we can go through , as you see in the picture .
We presented this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And we had a committee to design the entry into the entry .
We call it the Digital Water Survey .
The whole building is made of water .
There are no doors or windows , but when you get coming up , it opens up so you can go .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize them , you lower the roof .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days , there will always be someone , in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's take the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been torn up , but that when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears .
This is how it works .
You see the people who are going to go through it .
And here I am trying to do n't get wet with the sensors that open water open .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building opening for you to go through , but a building that was still making slices and holes in water , and you had to jump to not get wet .
( <unk> noise ) And for us that was really interesting because architects , engineers , designers , we always think about using people to give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact with , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the pixels , the missing water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start flying .
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air that each had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one that we saw before , moving with others in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
A flexible display like this with a normal screen in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , what it changes is light , not the missing thing .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that would be a cloud of the sea cloud that you can come up with , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real controlled <unk> , going down to form an V , like before .
When you light the light , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them being controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with a input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best dance dancers today , the star of New York City and <unk> Scala to capture its 3D movements and use them as input for <unk> .
Here we can see dancing dancing .
On the left side , you see the pixels , catch it in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization , real time capture .
It can push the whole movement .
You can travel all the way .
And once we have the missing missing , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our <unk> environment as a <unk> farm , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make everybody a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that 's happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we spend the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing power of the networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow it can be to address today 's challenges : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how to move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made up in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it 's covered .
You can move inside it , having different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can rise up , like a new top of London .
You can enter there .
As if it was a new digital headlight at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only one changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you would like to be in better form , being stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves ?
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
A few . Probably the number of creative people in mind .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's look at the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , in addition to the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote a paper called `` Nothing in biology makes sense to make sense except for light of Evolution . ''
But if you accept biological evolution , consider this : Is it just about the past , or the future ?
Does it mean to each other or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , it 's , of course , the most interest .
<unk> from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There 's been maybe 20 of 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and gone .
We 've been here about 130 years .
It might seem that we 're very far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly , the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like the human insulin , but it 's the same protein , we 're chemically indistinguishable from the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry on the gut , the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , when Antonio Damasio asked you about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , is very welcoming .
And we 're going to give you all the nutrients that you might want without the effort of their part .
It 's really like a quick route for the bacteria to the <unk> of some rush rush into the output .
But by the rest , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our lives .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
It meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a little compass -- the animal kingdom , like one and only <unk> -- and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed .
When I first went to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , each cell just divides and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters cells .
But when the multicellular organisms appear to start changing .
It goes into the scene sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I 've got a college student thinking , well , <unk> , death by sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment , but with every year that was going on , increasingly .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who still was performing in Las Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , there 's a wonderful <unk> dancer .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came to search for a sex soup . ''
`` All right , '' he says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working by a different objective of the evolution of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted it to be healthy .
I wanted to reclaim health in the disease .
I wanted it to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is about passing the genome to the next generation ; we 're adapting and generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> rockets to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level and then let us go to the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily kill longevity .
It did n't necessarily favors the biggest or the strongest or the faster and even the smartest person .
Evolution favors the best creatures adapted to their environment .
That 's the only test of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria <unk> that they can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish intrinsically into empty , yet they 've managed to make that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if you look forward to the next stage , the next phase -- I would say there 's many possibilities .
The first one is that it 's not <unk> .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the reasoning underlying it would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and cut out of the population .
And second , as a species , we 've made our environment made for us as we adapt to it as we adapt to it .
And by the way , they migrated , <unk> , and we 're getting so much that it 's no longer possible to have the lifespan that evolution happened .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of traditional , natural , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when as a species , <unk> planets are going to exist and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , a sexy , intriguing , terrifying possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
So , first you consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what 's choosing at the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their offspring , but in its own body , making the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or or will reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 , she took 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year to have ended , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of three billion base pairs at a near cost of $ 20,000 and in a week .
Not missing a lot to make the human genome happen for 1,000 and more and more and more .
And those changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial in the course of the cultured influenza vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then only two little changes .
Can you change the cells of their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , eliminating <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease will also allow us to adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you could put on the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a faster <unk> muscle that allows us to run faster and more away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that you can normally take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years , and maybe it happened in the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these options as a better , more successful society , more considered ?
Or are we going to choose selectively , different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more maneuverable and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the profound thing about everything : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine by making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about with flight assistants .
So immediately I looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot already had <unk> the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot would take a plane on the Hudson River .
Usually that 's not the route .
They 're going to take the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise .
And then three words said .
The three words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more about the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life ended .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a second .
We have this list of things to do before I die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people who wanted to come and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I wanted to have and never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to get anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is when I <unk> the bridge George Washington , which was n't a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal with .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and with my mistakes I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give up to my ego .
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> on that , I decided to eliminate negative energy in my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
You feel wonder .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock goes down , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the <unk> water .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as <unk> , I had the sense of , wow , she will die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> to do that all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness <unk> in a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children growing .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of an artistic talent -- yet , I shout , I cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was all the reason for the world .
At that point I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For above all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
And I was <unk> a miracle of not dying that day .
And I was awarded another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and go back and live otherwise .
You 're flying today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens to your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , how do you change ?
What would they do , they 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would their relationships change and negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing that I worked on was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
And one day he came to his house after running and said , `` Dad , I feel sweet on the legs . ''
And that was the start of ALS .
<unk> has total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
Her work influenced me .
I have a design firm and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is a intricate thing we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to just sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and he 's able to communicate with it . ''
And I said , `` A second , not that you saw Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you are important and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Does anybody see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate that way -- they 're going to make the finger with the finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check and instead of that sign a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I committed her brother and her father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make their art again again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who 's so much inside your interior ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research , which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any light on any surface , and then with a laser pointer , draw about it and record the negative space .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a cycle of life .
They start with the sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and ultimately , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side to another , we had done a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of the safe companies and we got a machine so that it could be able to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call him <unk> because when I talk to the guy , you get an email from it , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all the corners of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the children and I , we moved to the back , and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we were doing something completely stupid , and that when you had the walls of the walls , and instead there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the sea sea in Venice , my son was part , my dog , too , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
These are a pair of cheap sun that we buy in the sea ride in Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a camera camera , we open it open , we put it up on an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and it builds itself ; we published the code by <unk> the software for free .
And we create a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company saying , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's her room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks to programming the entire night , Tony turned back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture , because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall in the outside of the hospital .
And he came back in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the parking lot .
The funny thing was , we had to take on the parking lot , so we felt like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said to us , `` This was the first time I was in seven years old .
I felt like I had been underwater and someone finally came to me and get me out there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our war shout .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> display .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and to make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all sorts of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The awards were the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up about closing the <unk> is that in April this year at the Los Angeles <unk> , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So , basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone -- nothing was possible at a moment .
Do it happen -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with your eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something and I 'm going to engage with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we 're going to find something that we feel to do , if it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years deployed in very difficult situations , and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine .
Film in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been <unk> in horrible situations with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that come from attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing it in a way that looked like cool and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I 'd come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and sponsorship , I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took an ad in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for selling the rights of the name of 2011 .
What had been the following : `` <unk> your <unk> presents : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and according to content I could fit in the face , especially if I put it on ridiculous to you or your company in doing it .
But saying this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot of them .
It 's a title of progress , by the way .
So even though I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I could n't tell you to tell them for sure .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the marketing world , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been sitting in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could make me , nothing could <unk> it , to something as dangerous as you enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that tries to treat the product of products , marketing and advertising , and that the whole film funded with product and marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie ever sold '' is that all up at the bottom , from beginning to end , has some brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that 's shown before the title , the X X .
Now this brand , <unk> Out , the <unk> Center .
These people were going to be taken into the filmed on the film forever .
And so the film explores this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It is redundant ) : That 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant ) ( MK : It 's hug forever ? ''
And I 'm a backup . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . '' It was more by emphasis .
It was `` In Spanish . For always . ''
But we 're not just going to have the brand X sponsor on the title , but we 're going to make sure we 're going to make sure we 're going to use all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the greatest shoe that you used to use ...
The most great car that you 've driven in `` The biggest movie ever sold , '' the best drink that you have to drink , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as a part of life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : So , we actually showed the full process of how it works . ''
The goal of the film is full of transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this film .
That 's the full idea , all the film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help you make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : I do n't know how responsive it is going to be people to that .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is really <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make an effect ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half million . ( D.C : All right ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be difficult for the meeting , but it 's certainly going to be worthwhile to convince a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we 'll see it as a whole bunch of idiocy .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will be difficult to sell it , for the film or for me to be ?
JK : Both things .
MS : That means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : Okay . ( MK : Good . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge . ) When you look at the people you have to deal with .
MK : We have some places to go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` Turn off the camera '' meant we have a conversation outside the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so , one for one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , it was to present the product to as many people as possible , to make so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the scenario of separate media , is not the idea to tell with that new vehicle worth of attention that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that mistake was this .
Actually , there was no error .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
See , when you search for images of Google , Google comes up -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- so easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practice -- being the last line , maybe the biggest problem .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named the name , the president , the name , even the CEOs name it .
But suddenly , when it comes to doing something , it 's a suddenly changes .
But why ? Well , transparency does fear -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
It was a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies , and I 'll tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want them to tell them . ''
We want a story to tell you , but they tell them a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me at some lie at some lie -- and he 's staring at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> -- many years ago , I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take off the middle and go to business myself with my whole team .
So what I started to see is , all of a sudden , which I started to give to me is that when you start talking with the companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , giant movies and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood movies say that the reason their movies are so successful is because of the associated markings .
And then my friends who make independent movies say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically at Ban on the movie ?
Every time I 'm going out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the Professor Ban deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone I can say `` Are you good cool for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you , you know .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there was given one of these great <unk> .
Both `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` Paradise of Paradise '' are going to have his opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for men as a woman -- solid , to <unk> , in bar .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of little movies that you 've ever done -- we 're more well a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget of other brands .
So , doing things like this , you know , you know , remind people about the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe to Ban ?
Ban is blank .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : superior technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep us cool longer ? With better freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man on the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to tell me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hmm , my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , <unk> punk , unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : One ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> . ''
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray things and things like that .
So , usually I wear accessories like sun glasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I am , I 'll call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , <unk> , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
They 're taking toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver commodities .
Man 5 : The 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be brand Tom , but I often sit on the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could get in my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the branding personality .
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality .
If they could do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit of how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people fashion my way to see the world .
A : Tell me of that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world where you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and start in a place and in my case where they start and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way ?
MS : It 's like who I wanted to be .
I like things different .
I like weird things . I like things weird .
A : Tell me of the `` why '' -- why do we do that ?
What 's the machete , what phase of <unk> are you now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
... a little bit more than you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you ?
MS : Whoa ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness in all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality . Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They 're getting very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox of them .
And I think some companies will only get into one of your strong points or in the other rather than focus on both of them .
Many companies tend to be able to avoid the things that are not safe ; they 're trying to fear the fear , those elements , the elements , and you make something positive and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are they like this ?
The first here is classical , Apple .
And you can see here here to Target , a Wii , Mini <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful brands and brands conscious , those things that have gone and come in , but a <unk> brand is something pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> mark . What 's your brand ?
If somebody asks you to do your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a top-down attribute ? You 're somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more a descending attribute ?
Make a little bit shorter , reserved , conservative ?
The climbing attributes are like being playful as being cool as Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold as <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , magical or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more of top-down attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , protector ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , family , reliable , reliable , contemplative , contemplative or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies , climbing and taxi , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use MRI centers to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much commercial marketing .
We went to San Paulo where they 've banned the publicity in the open .
Throughout the city over the last five years there are no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where businesses are becoming a way in schools with liquidity problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the biggest answer , or the ones that I 've ever had more successful are the ones that I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the <unk> , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that 's going to make people think about the way we look at the world .
And how have you gone ? They were successful ?
Well , since the film was released at Sundance , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers just a period of two weeks and a half .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not going to be done .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries still .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked about to their customers not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think when you train their employees at stake aversion , they 're preparing their whole company to be able to have the rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we need to encourage people to take the risk .
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
I 'm going to be afraid of the fear .
From one <unk> at once , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to harbor transparency .
Today , more than ever a bit of honesty is going a long way .
And said this , with honesty , and transparency , my whole talk , `` The Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for 400 dollars bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presented `` The Transparency . ''
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , what happened exactly with those $ apples ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED array of TED , the Sapling Foundation , a check for $ <unk> to be applied to my TED Prize next year .
The idea behind the computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest active to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time .
If we were able to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we got a cash virus for Windows in a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind the Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
So the <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started exploring over Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex at the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That really struck us , and we started an experiment where you infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what was going on with this .
So they 've got very strange things .
Stuxnet behaves like a laboratory rat , which he did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It made no sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is an headed attack .
It 's completely run . ''
The <unk> is looking very active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that location .
If not , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and I started working on this about 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It might be , let 's say for example , a energy plant in the United States , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Best of the target soon .
So we pulled the attack code , and we discovered that there was <unk> in two digital bombs : a small one and a big one .
We also saw that they were highly armed armed armed people that obviously had all the internal information .
Let 's give you all the points for you to attack .
You probably even know how much the operator matches .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that Stuxnet 's lab is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the load is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've ever seen before .
Here 's a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking for at first were called to function of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we tried to engage with the real world , with potential goals of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent sin , it must be a valuable white target , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most infections have been <unk> .
They do n't find several thousand targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let me take a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants among our clients . ''
And I called them in an effort for <unk> his experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with speed control .
So rotor is that mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you manage this rotor speed , they can certainly be <unk> and even make a centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking very closely at the data and its structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> stands up in that code , you ca n't <unk> it .
I started looking at scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they are structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That makes sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are split in 15 parts of the stages .
And guess what about the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had to do .
It was n't wrong .
The results have been taken out of several weeks of hard work .
It 's basically <unk> on dead ends , and we had to go back .
Even so , we found that both digital warheads were going on to one single and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and by turning the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should not worry that other goals are going to be considered by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input values for example , from the pressure sensors and the sensors of vibration and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with the fake input input .
And believe it or not , these false input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during the theft , the security camera is <unk> <unk> .
That 's great ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the control room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need to need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
So for example , in a energy plant , when the big vapor vapor is happening , you need to open <unk> valves .
Obviously , this can not do a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then you can get bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And you do n't know the <unk> and the security system you 'll notice .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could also work , for example , in a energy plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as an attacker -- that we disseminate this payload with a USB key , as we saw in 2005 .
You could also use the conventional <unk> of worms .
It 's as possible .
And if you made that , with what we 've been doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals are not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and we better have to do now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I 've got a question .
Ralph , has been public on many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even older .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and that gives you <unk> skills , or another one that will make a wheelchair users raise and walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not anything different from something that you put in the morning , it gives you a great force , which also increases your speed , and helps you , for example , how to handle the balance .
It 's actually real integration of man and machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate and it can it connect to the universe and other outside things .
This is not an unreal idea .
To show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , has to take on their back a <unk> load , and it 's going to be allowed to get more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with a <unk> damage .
So we decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Universal Human Court .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 50 pounds for variables for variables for many hours .
Their flexible design allows you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to crawl out to crawl and run with a lot of agility .
I 'm going to tell you what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the wheelchair users ' chairs , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There 's 68 million people about , in wheelchair chairs , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage in the spinal cord that when they start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide with a wall , and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We also talk about the population that 's aging that 's aging .
Her only option , many times -- for a brain injury or another complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that is using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago , had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result , it could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
You have some sensors .
completely <unk> on the crutches who send signals on the computer on board , here on the back .
There 's a few batteries that give you energy to the motors on the hips , and on the knees and they make it forward with this soft , soft , very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing up costs down .
In a fraction of a second , I lost every feeling and all the motion of the pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk . ''
That was 19 years ago .
So I was stolen to the last bit of hope of my being .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn to <unk> it costs on <unk> , climbing up rocks and even riding hands .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the wheelchairs in the wheels , all of us .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And not , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , they know their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known by their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large guys , terrifying , society 's society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been sustained for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
It 's not surprising that this destruction is also going to put in danger to the survival of the Bonobo .
The meat of hunting meat and deforestation are making that you ca n't fill in a stadium , and we have the bonobos left in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , on this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the unseen laughter by the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not the war , '' because they have frequent and <unk> and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play all over their life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encouraging tolerance .
With it we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game , Bonobo can see the very evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you 're playing , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> <unk> game , and I do n't talk soccer .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It might be the evolutionary origin of the sentence : `` He 's holding it out of the balls . ''
Just that I think in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So the sex game is both both in bonobos as in humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing us unusual elements into play -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of ways , some of which are more often , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder will be solved .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with the water being made .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the limits of our inner worlds .
And it is that kind of playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form is the real CD of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that the Bonobo give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But would we turn to the maximum game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems at least appropriate to play , it can be the moments as the most pressing .
So , fellow primates , embrace this gift of evolution and play together while creativity and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fire as a captain 's assistant in a <unk> body .
And in our city , where the volunteers are inspired by a highly skilled staff , you have to reach the fire very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high chance of going .
But there was still a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in the middle of the night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas , barefoot as his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just gotten before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go inside and save the dog 's dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was <unk> . '
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money , for the rest of his life , he would have to tell the people that I walked into a fire building in order to save a living , just because he won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next one .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to join the house .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hall , I went to the <unk> firemen , which at that height , at the end of the fire , and went into the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my burden back through the ladder where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house the treasures of the owner of the house , where he was waiting , his treasure got a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later the department got a letter from the owner of the house by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness she looked at about what she was looking at was someone had reached a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood as my calling as a fireman volunteer I 'm a witness , I 'm a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of the acts of grace and courage to level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
It all has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're at the end , remarkable levels of success , I want to remind you of this : not wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone 's lives .
If you have something to give , you know , you know .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
Be mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have a chance to save someone 's lives , but each day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So they trained the game ; I 'm going to run the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built in viewers with a very simple idea : cement modules that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , as buildings or bridges , a brick at a time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , a LEGO came up with this .
It was called the autopilot brick brick .
And within a few years , the sewing bricks got all the homes .
It 's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
Recent adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new block of construction .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at a time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is that they come together by magnets .
So you ca n't get them in a wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , the rose is the input and the orange one is the wire .
So there 's only to assemble a blue one with one green and very quickly , you can start to make bigger circuits .
A blue one with one green produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a regulator .
So if we change the button for a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light back on it .
And we would get this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program and connect and weld , <unk> allows us to program using very simple gestures .
To make it blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to gather bricks and use .
<unk> , sound , solar panels , motors , has to be accessible .
We 've given <unk> to the kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light bulb works , or why the lift gate is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to the design schools .
So , for example , designers had no experience in electronics start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with the bottles of paper and felt , we have to <unk> .
A few weeks ago , we took a few weeks ago to the Rhode Island School of Design , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper and said , do something .
So here 's an example of a project that has done , a cassette cannon activated .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a made of a <unk> locust that 's afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to reach all of us .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can go to the website , you can download all the design files and make them from scratch .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for engaging with the urban environment .
distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take up a little bit on charge .
We can -- we can -- we can continue better , we leave the video on one side .
No .
This is n't ...
All right .
solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm going to do that time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that 's supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and it would be like a <unk> for geeks .
They spent some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending the Third World , we send them into the wild city .
They made big apps ; they worked with municipal employees .
Your task is to show the possibilities of today 's technology .
Think about Al .
It 's a fire hydrants in Boston .
Here 's come as if I would pick up a quote , but what 's really looking for is that someone is caught by the snow , because they know that it 's not very good at turning fires when they 're covered by a meter of snow .
How did he ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of members of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that very dark time , very last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire fire .
But one of the members named Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens <unk> with reunited the sidewalks right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
You accept cleaning up when he <unk> .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case , put it on .
If you do n't do it , somebody can <unk> them .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 applications that last year .
But it does something that no other technology of the government can do .
And it spreads viral .
A systems responsible for the city of Honolulu , looking at this application realized that it could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to make <unk> of tsunami .
It 's very important to work these Sirens from tsunami , but people steals batteries .
That 's why it asks the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens , blindfolded .
And Chicago is just going to get it to get people in their head to clean sidewalks when they go .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has spread without friction , in a natural , natural way .
If you know a little government technology , you know that this does n't normally happen .
And software acquisition usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that in fact that they 've been done by normal channels , it would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial power of California , which until the moment has two billion dollars and does n't work .
And there are projects like this on every level of government .
So an app that shows you in a couple of days and <unk> spreads is a kind of warning shot to the institution of the government .
It suggests the best ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
It 's not as a technological company , but rather as the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , in a form open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has the new generation problem , not as a problem of an ongoing institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good at the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
You have a great frustration at that , but you do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost from sight .
And that is that if we leave the feelings about the politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that they 're going on crazy , the government is , essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we can not . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately gives us -- remember that from `` we , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect the way of producing change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , a question of <unk> .
This is the phone center of the service and information center .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you make 311 in the U.S .
Scott <unk> this call .
He wrote `` <unk> '' at the basis of official knowledge .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , you can open the doors of the house , put it very strong , and see if it 's going ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile phone called <unk> .
You do n't want that application .
It was the work of very clever people in the Office of New <unk> Boston Marine Office .
One day , this really happened , it comes in this request : `` <unk> on my bucket of trash . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do it ? ''
The <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking about it .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so everybody can see this .
In this case , he saw it a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I came up to the place , I found the garbage cube behind the house .
Ready ? Yeah . Would you live ? Yes .
He turned the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of government income for distributed volunteer .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to go away and help others .
So , one citizen helped another one , but here the government had a key role .
connected two people .
And it could be connected to the government 's services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper alternative than government services .
When a neighbor is helping another , <unk> communities .
If we call animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about government is not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but think that one is the entrance to the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have they chosen a political leader ? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and <unk> our needs , but we do n't see changes .
That 's because government is like a huge ocean and politics is the <unk> surface of 15 inches .
Below it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps us that that we actually believe as something that is operating on our against , that other thing , and as a result , we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make <unk> .
Because it 's where the real government works .
We have to collaborate with the government machinery .
That does the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the request of the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us , we 're given to the government , it 's time to ask us what world we want to leave to our children .
You have to see enormous challenges that they have to face .
Do you really think we 'll get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everyone ?
We ca n't do without the government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root the function of government so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not that hard to act on , we just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I am , reluctantly , I 'm a larger generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving it almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their opinions on any channel at the same time and do it .
So when they face the problem of government , they do n't really care about to hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They put the work together to program applications that make the work work better .
And those apps allow us to use your hands to improve our communities .
It can be washing a fire hydrant , taking out off weeds and dumping a bucket of trash that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we always could have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services .
We are more than that : we 're citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't have the citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , we will be a crowd of voices , or also we will be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's so much despair .
And I 'm here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus stimulus has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are said here have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't otherwise otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important , important .
Here we have seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can make much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family from a matriarch , dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , she had power .
It was the last word in every discussion in the family .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia over 1840 .
She was born on 1880 and his experience with slavery , the way he saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was little , and I was looking at her , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I got so hard I could barely breathe , and then I dropped away .
One or two hours later , I 'd come back to her , and I was approaching , and he said , `` Do you know , you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said , `` No , I 'm grabs again , and if I said yes , I left peace . ''
He had this human quality that would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and their attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and there was all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stares at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
So he looked at it , and she smiles , but she was really serious .
After 15 or 20 minutes , she got up , through the room , he took me out of my hand and said , `` You see <unk> . We 're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me out and said , `` You know , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` All right , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let 's forget you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
And then he said , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Oh yeah , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to tell me is that you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to tell them that always the <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
And then he said , `` The second thing I want you to tell me is that you will always do the right thing , even though the right thing is difficult . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to tell me is that I never alcohol alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field in rural rural . I have a brother for a older year and a sister one year .
When I was 14 , one day my brother came home with a six beers package , I did n't know where he pulled it up , I grabbed my sister and me and went for the forest .
We 're just doing crazy things always .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no , no . All right . You 're going on , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . You 're going to play it today . And you always do the same thing as we .
I already took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens to you ? Take a beer . ''
And I went off with force and he went , `` Ah , you wo n't be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells us all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I have 52 years old , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this thinking that it 's a `` virtue '' ; I say that for the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that they really do n't see meaning .
We ca n't get them to do things they do n't think they can do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been a prisoner during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we should engage .
Now , I 'm going to try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor , black communities , you find so much despair , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black people between the 18 and 30 years is in prison or <unk> .
In the urban <unk> of all over the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young color are in jail or parole .
Our system is not just distorted to race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's really about better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth which affects the results .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger make us believe that these are not problems with us .
We 're disconnected .
I think it 's interesting .
We 're looking at our work in our work some good developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 're worried about rights forever if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the loss of loss of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the right to vote .
We have this awesome silence .
I represent children .
Many of my customers are very young .
America is the only country in the world where they were being used to 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country in jail for children , without a chance to get out .
We 're now in process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death row is interesting .
In a certain sense , have you been tempted to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in the United States is defined by error .
In every nine people executed , it 's identified , which is innocent and liberated from death row .
An innocent error rate , an innocent one in every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would never be allowed to fly airplanes if every nine to take off , one would be crashing .
But somehow we cut off the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I talk about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted to World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a little defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what they defined .
Now , there are older people coming up and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 're telling talks , you have speeches , you 're talking to people who stop saying that in our history , we deal with the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say , we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism went on , obviously , with apartheid and decades of spending racial spending .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood the meaning of what historically we 've done .
We collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races , and I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome war without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany to talk about death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good worrying to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany . ''
Now , naturally we can never get it here . ''
The room stood in silence and a lady said , `` There 's no way that we have with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational , that we , intentional and deliberately put people out . ''
So let 's go through this .
How would we feel like in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their overwhelming majority of Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we actually do n't care about these issues so hard , the positive things and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . Let 's creativity creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , these realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it is necessary to integrate both things .
We talked about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of life in this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And if you think about them , it 's in a way , something that 's within us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are , despite being so rational , so committed to intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , it 's not just about brain ideas .
These things come from ideas missing by the heart convictions .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just brilliant and brilliant , but also in the dark and how hard it is .
We deserve <unk> , the great Czech leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe in the oppression of oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , orientation for spirit , a willingness to be in places of despair and witnessed . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I believe , that even in communities like TED , has to engage .
There 's no disconnect with technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't listen to poverty , if we do n't listen to poverty , exclusion , inequality , injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make up a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , to be a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were getting together just to talk .
Occasionally , `` <unk> , '' `` <unk> , comes the lady 's lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes lady . I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I was answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and just listening .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks moved to me and said , `` Now , I 'm going to tell you that that 's that idea of the fairness justice idea .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech to my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted of them .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in the prisons .
We try to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and then I looked at it and he said , `` Oh , Mmm mmm . ''
And he said , `` You 're exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> leaned over , put my finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find the way that we face these challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally , the humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand that each one of us is higher to the worst that we 've made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the world .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a burglar .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not that it 's a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by the law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
This is not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very stimulating , we 're not being judged by our technology , for our designs , not for our intellectual and rational ability .
At the end of the end , the character is judging a society , not because of the way they treat rich , powerful and privileged , but by the way they treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my content in a very important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my clients at 13 and 14 years old , which have been <unk> to become adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what 's not ?
The judge would take it as an adult , but I see a child .
One night very late , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , you must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old client , a small , poor , black client .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> , so my black black client is treated as a privilege of 75 years executive from a corporation . '' executive from a corporation .
In the <unk> , I set out that there was been random conduct in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or I really wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had the <unk> , but I had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten him .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got on the car and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the race car .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car . I walked into court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a black black man ; it was the courthouse .
When he saw me , she came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is it you . lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
So that deeply connected to me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the room of audiences .
When I got in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 've wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Oh , Mr. <unk> me . '' And we started to argue .
People started coming . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They got the police ticket , <unk> , auxiliary officers .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They were n't furious , because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we 're talking about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I 'd got to see the superintendent that was going and came .
I would look out the window and hear all of that <unk> .
He kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black , with a face of concern , I walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a <unk> assistant showed him upset because the superintendent had come in the room .
The assistant ran across the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience of audiences ? ''
And the old black guy stood up , he looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I went into this room 's room to tell this young man who keeps her sight in the goal with fit . ''
I 've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds towards justice .
We can not be truly human , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to others .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those people in this room who share this , I just want to tell you that they keep your view into the target target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see an obvious desire in the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There 's a lot of opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> of this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to get the funds that are spent today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death row , in the next five years . One billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases in homicide is not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to get the law enforcement and security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate .
What would you say to them , what do you think ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The great mass of mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong war on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase arises in the prison population .
And we let us convince us by the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into life imprisonment , to steal a bicycle , by small crimes against property , rather than making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats to Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : Police spray . spray .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Six : social <unk> : <unk> <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami : <unk> <unk> : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War War , <unk> . <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt : Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months : <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media would prefer <unk> news , because our minds are paying attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second every day , our senses are getting much more data than the brain probably can process .
And like nothing matters to us to survive , the first stop of all that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all of the information looking for something in the environment that could hurt us .
That 's why a <unk> of stories would be looking at the negative .
That old saying , `` If there is blood , sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's no wonder that we are pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong in worse .
But maybe it 's not .
Perhaps , instead , what really happens is we have <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species extinction , water scarcity and energy ; certainly we have them .
As human beings are very good at taking the problems , and in the long time , we just left with them .
Let 's take it in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita adjusted for inflation has tripled around the world .
Child mortality has gone down 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We are actually living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving us higher and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it , in America today , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , cell phones , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of technology that 's technology , and it 's lately its exponential growth .
Now , my good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that we 're interested in information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of about 12 to 24 months .
So , the mobile phone that you have in our pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the result of quick computers used to build faster computers .
He does n't stop before none of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it 's going up .
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast .
And on this curve , after Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The cloud computing , that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , the fuel , the vaccines , the digital biology , the nanomaterials and the A.I . .
I mean , how many saw victory on `` Jeopardy '' on Watson , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought in the newspapers the best headline that there would be .
And I loved this one : `` Watson <unk> for human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy is not an easy game . ''
He plays the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
We can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create a fancy life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's a story by Napoleon Three in <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited a dinner king of <unk> .
Words Napoleon had covered with silver quantities , and the same Napoleon , with covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , she ate covered with aluminum aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is Europe percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tied for oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came up and made from aluminum things so cheap that we used it as if it was <unk> .
It 's analogy for the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the <unk> of the diesel : The <unk> versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study showing that in the late decade , in the U.S. parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents a national average .
And if we have abundance of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed at the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , in 1990 , after there was Saturn ?
So let 's take a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` One pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is seawater , two percent is ice , and we fight by half percent of the water on the planet , but there 's a hope here .
It 's an available technology not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , your nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators of <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , I gave you permission to do this -- your technology called <unk> <unk> -- <unk> <unk> -- <unk> .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on the day of any natural source , polluted water , a <unk> at less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just thought that I 'm going to do a significant test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that 's all right , and I have complete confidence in that way , Coca-Cola is to implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation that today exists today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to the 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the midst of Kenya that the Reagan Reagan 25 years ago .
And from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted .
So better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology , <unk> now and lose market value with cell phones .
Maybe the best thing to get into health care .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X <unk> Prize for 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams in the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has A.I . , you can coughing , you can provide blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors , where the load of morbidity is 25 percent and 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device <unk> an RNA virus , or DNA that does n't recognize , call the health system , and first of all , prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> .
The white lines here are the population .
We just just passed the mark on the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to provide the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , we 'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never heard about the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
How slippery ? What wishes will you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we 'll have the largest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars <unk> in the global economy .
And <unk> more health from the <unk> , from a better education with Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D prints and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion members of humanity , healthy and productive and productive ?
How about voices ever before ?
What if we give the oppressed to the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and can be able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if you are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that previously could only do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that was really excited about .
There 's a program that maybe you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will fold .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with this university professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined up and began to play it .
And it 's shown that today , the pattern of recognition in human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovator in the <unk> .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that are going to be used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have in front of a few decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
And they probably believed that I were finches , but it did n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as very common .
It was grouper .
I caught it very long to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red array of the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times over Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special .
But the case is that we still come to Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story , also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was standing there in 1971 studying an lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could go through it .
It burned a lot of the sun , and I was convinced that I was not there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , some mangroves .
There was <unk> from about 20 centimeters , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and spent for a good moment , so they got more than the average of the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years , the amount of fish had dropped in half .
<unk> at the age of five centimeters .
It was a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of <unk> in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
And fishing development was imposing out of the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called the <unk> 4 .
I went fishing in it , and we conducted studies in the southern China Sea , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured was something that captured was something that captured .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are tiny , tiny ones on some remains , remains remains of coral reefs .
In summary , the sea bottom came to the deck and then they launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing .
The bottom line is going to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . <unk> because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was n't <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
I 'm going to get the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you get this thing happening something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Every generation will use the images to be received in the beginning of their conscious life as normal and transported to it forward .
The difference is that they perceive .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the envelope of changes .
And in the end , they kept some miserable remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem is affecting people when societies grow animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before we go extinct , it 's rare .
You do n't lose abundant animals .
You lose animals rare .
Even if this is n't perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become little frequent because we take them up .
Over time , there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we take this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they 'll do it because the evidence presented in a way before it is not the way they would expect that the evidence is .
For example , the anecdote that some present , as a captain , and so I looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or usually not using the scientists of fishing scientists , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Hence the enormous role that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with protected protected areas , we really visualize the past .
And we 're going to spend the past that people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine area , and they can benefit from the vision that provides them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think the arts and film may fill the gap , the simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A lot of time ago , gray whales were in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think in `` Avatar , '' if you think why people were moved with the film -- -- will I talk about the story of why you 're doing with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is to Cameron , to do `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the <unk> manager manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional fashion .
It 's true .
So today , we 'll see why the videos are done and how important it is .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the video is making any of us , or our actions , copper notoriety in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They climb over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage percent viral , get lots of hits and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : <unk> , <unk> communities and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this film out of his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the popularity of summer summer last summer .
I did n't say to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Mountain <unk> .
There were already published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that I 'd come into the video to popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy <unk> are showing us new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider public .
Rebecca Black : That 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You all want to get a weekend , weekend . <unk> on Friday .
`` <unk> , '' of Black Rebecca is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency use .
Like `` Arc rainbow , '' this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular one ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started to write about it .
Michael J. Nelson : <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But what 's important is that one person or a group of <unk> will embrace a point of view , and they share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts to talk about and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> of <unk> on YouTube .
In the first seven days , there was a spoof for each other days .
Unlike the one-way 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon , or doing something new .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an animation repetitive with a chord .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that has seen four million times .
The cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the <unk> community of the Internet .
There was <unk> .
Someone made an old version .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole section of remix that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we all can form .
Because we do n't just enjoy that , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` Arc rainbow '' or Rebecca rainbow or `` <unk> Cat . ''
What could it possibly have been written by this situation ?
In a world where two days of video goes up by minute , just that truly unique and unexpected can be able to make these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that protest against tickets to riders in New York , I will admit I was not interested .
Casey <unk> : I was a <unk> ticket , but there are often obstacles that keep you out properly by <unk> .
KA : Thank you the surprise effect and his humor , Casey <unk> managed to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth all the new we do in a creative way .
And this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The creators , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , of a new culture , which we all have access to , and the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express their ideas .
Now we 're all a little masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're hardly the current media , but it 's <unk> the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still putting together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine while the communist entering <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so much time , friends , were making fun .
It 's quiet in the silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My job was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> , but we would plug it out .
The next puzzle of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn quietly .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when her father died , and a little bit of marriage and two small girls .
For her , life had been meant to a task alone : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't get it .
And then from a <unk> <unk> <unk> that challenges the fiction , a boat had slid into the sea as fishing ship .
Every adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear were hackers , rape and death .
As most of the adults , my mother was carrying on a jar of poison .
If you catch us , we first would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My earliest memories are from that boat , the steady rate of the engine , the bow diving on every wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember hackers who came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men on our ship , or the engine dying and not being able to capture for six hours .
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , end the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men on the platform .
None apple had then the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of <unk> class whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> English noises will be traded among people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Even so , I found time to study English and get a IT degree in technology .
We were poor .
All of the dollars were mapped , and you 've got an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , it would n't matter what it was supposed to take off , which was mostly new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
<unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform across the ankles , because he had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> on the <unk> <unk> , and some graffiti : `` Men , go home . ''
At home , where ?
Something on me is <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice saying , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I put them in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we were told about our day and we were listening to the movements of our grandmother .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would actually start to be able to get it .
She opened a computer shop , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women came with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were trapped between two worlds .
They were looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical , relentless , relentless student .
In the other hand , I was unleashed in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many got help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of law , I was elected by the Australian Australian woman .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
So he <unk> an anonymous resident in <unk> , and now , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of name , and in houses whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to the routines and the comfort of life on a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of every single one and she ran away , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when we got on the boat .
The `` No '' had ever been a choice .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not what you 're not . ''
So I talked about the youth and education and <unk> to the marginalized and the genocide .
And the more frankly , the more I was talking about , the more I was to talk about .
I met people from all the roads in life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I finished my degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of Law .
There was to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , again , on the scene -- and not just that it 's fine , but it 's something to be grateful for , perhaps a gift of the ship .
Because being inside it can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is being cut , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that were n't <unk> were <unk> tremendously .
There was a energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition .
Let 's give you a small group of people who `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of each day , I made a giant pot pot that we all shared .
<unk> up to the night at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
after a single journey .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I got moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had not changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At 17 , he became a <unk> of a mother whose mother beat her .
No support of her husband , he had a Kryptonite took a <unk> and he took the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
The one can not proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died , at 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked across the shower in the shower , and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew she 'd come back to me .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around his coffin .
We tell stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk to the monk , `` Why is his hand warm , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were , and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who might want that to know ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of the easy , though .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , diving a fearless wave on every wave , the constant rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could take it and see them safe , you would .
<unk> <unk> and also mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under heaven anise , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the time of the former Indian epic `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when I <unk> , the big Prince Indian warrior , it was thirst , he would take a bow and with a <unk> to the floor , got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's got me very much .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I 'm going to get this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't tell my friends .
It seemed like the technology had to allow the magic to be able to kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me her silver <unk> .
And this piece of 50 years in it was for my magic thing .
It became an golden door to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that the mobile phone , the luxury clocks , and the cameras will prevent that we <unk> .
It 's our inspiration .
So I launched , and I threw this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of kill her .
We had books since the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a <unk> device capable of connecting the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we took the book .
Where we are .
We put the text together with the image , the animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling gets more and more <unk> .
But what does that work for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive app for iPad .
He says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to -- I write my name .
And so I come back a character of the book .
So at various times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes led to me .
My little little girl was excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that childhood magic , to those ideas that are <unk> .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar always were exciting .
So here , we have to tilt the iPad in order to unleash fireflies .
And really , they light up your way on what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated with a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world is transformed into a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there have been maps , but they have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you over the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book also reveals .
I 'm going to go into it .
Another extremely important aspect to me is to create Indian content and the contemporary of the contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra cameras for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
In a story that 's today 's topics like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up , glued to their PCs , have not left the world outside .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our children into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to reclaim this little childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , we 'll take a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it .
So it creates a digital array of photos that can then put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , today I saw a fox . ''
An Indian child says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking .
Within the variants of connection between the magic , the Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we asked to have an interaction where you 're coming out with the iPad and the video on , and through using augmented reality , you see a group of adventure that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and you have to make the sound of the wind and you have to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to go to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> <unk> with technology and magic and technology closer together .
It 's the energy of the sun .
We 're moving to our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many of these things are failing .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University University was <unk> a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients , family and acquaintances : What happens ? ''
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone , or maybe not all of these projects are failing , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a bump on it .
Every morning I get on me .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to come to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I 'm <unk> , send my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that he needs to be <unk> or some urgency of that , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I 'm going to link to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure pressure to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for the patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be used to move people out of their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity for having more control of their health .
From next week to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to be able to be able to go from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they become able to restore control and being captains of their own boat ; but also can help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of attention <unk> , demand for demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also this crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did , I 'd like to share with you with a video .
All of us have checks to cars .
Maybe we even have them on our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines are in <unk> .
Where they 're all the <unk> .
And of course , we can find new food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get <unk> save lives right now .
What we did was we crowdsourcing the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience to say , `` If you see a <unk> , please <unk> , where , and when it 's open , and when it 's open , they sometimes open at the office schedule and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> already was presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we did an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use your cell phone cell to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we want to go globally .
We 're saving all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> all over the world .
Every time you 're on holiday and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I 'd also like to invite companies around the world that could help us validate these <unk> .
They could be text messaging or their telephony , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us on this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my . '
Or is it <unk> . '
Because of course , these are photographs that you ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography was aroused by my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
I mixed up with my passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , the process was on planning .
And when you take a picture with a camera with a camera , the process ends up when the clicker is pushed .
For me , photography had more than being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
And so I wanted to create something different , a process that I started by the press the clicker .
Pictures like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the realism level .
And when I say I mean <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
Pictures that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's more than to do with capturing an idea that would capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are the details or colors ?
Did you turn out the light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if there were .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So we accept the brain because the brain does n't embrace the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really in combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem to be realistic , I think it 's those where we do n't even think , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to think , because otherwise something will be seen .
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules to follow for realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Second , the pictures combine to have the same kind of light .
And these two images meet these requirements , they took the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is completely composed of photographs of different places .
You know , I think it 's easier to create a place to find it because you do n't need to put the ideas in danger of the ideas that have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought in winter , I knew that I had several months to <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured in a fishing journey .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even made the house at the top of the island to make it look more realistically .
So to achieve a realistic result , I think you need planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job by taking the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram I took from my folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general thing .
It 's an analysis we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many as many as we tend to see , is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is something new .
Here 's something strange here .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing about paper .
Why are we tracking technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw it into a normal curve that , let 's say , these are the years , or a unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
That would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be really dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , it 's a qualitative change .
If the technology of the transportation transport technology as fast as the microprocessors , we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move forward at that pace .
It 's not seen in the history of technological development of growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not going forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's get one of two things .
Or it will be turned into a typical <unk> curve like this until something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
So , now we would be in the middle of a transition .
This line is in a transition from what used to be the world , in a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , is , what is that new way you have to take the world ?
Why new state is the world heading ?
The transition looks very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember child the future in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something is happening .
It 's a transformation . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and looking at things in the long term .
The time scale I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So , we can go back about two and a half billion years when the Earth was a <unk> rock with many chemicals that are going around you .
If you look at the way those chemicals organized , we give us a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is , at that moment , I had floating some instances of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes in your interior .
Some of those oil droplet held a particular combination of chemicals that made them into the outside of the outside , and so the blobs grew up grew up .
They started to divide .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms , those pools of oil .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random random recipe for chemicals .
And every time they have divided , they 're <unk> , <unk> of the chemicals held .
So every drop was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow become better at the time of bringing the chemicals around them , they were growing more , <unk> more chemicals and they split more .
Mostly lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things get interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways we do n't understand these moments , they learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe from the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since we evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed by exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
I have 100 <unk> white powder that I try to hide the airport security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and it was 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants to be 100 million copies of my own personal card , I have lots of us in this room -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus , and it would have spread out in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things get very different , and that was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information , forming information into the cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication led to the communities that would be communities , in a way , they were together , and set up a synergy .
In that way to survive or failed together , whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community , they would say more , and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so close to them , and they came together and decided to write the entire recipe for the community board in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities from many different types of cells working together as one single organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have lots of cells that do n't work alone anymore .
The skin cell is no longer the heart of the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved , and they produced the most interesting levels that the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that they do n't do more than process information in community .
They are the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process information that these mobile communities are built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being responsible for record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not to the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit because he knew bad and got sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that piece of fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system is building these information structures enormously the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then , of course , the individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea , in my head .
I 'm sitting here emitting some <unk> , and hopefully , building a similar , vague idea , <unk> , in your head that keeps some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we converted it into sound , in sound sequences , and produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do abstractions .
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms ; we 're going through our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , computer tape , the CD-ROM , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which there was some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of history that I told you took a billion years from each other .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next thing , the language and so on , took less than a million years .
And the next thing , like electronics , it seems to be just a few decades .
The process is self-fulfilling ; I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is self-fulfilling .
But I do my life to design computers , and I know that the mechanisms that were employment for <unk> would n't be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that it makes each transistor in that machine of connections .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine that does something that you could n't do before , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
So we put inside the machine , an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please , please , can you run a hundred million random instructions ?
Could you run these random instructions randomly , run all those programs , and are going to take those who are more <unk> to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to order .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could be found two numbers on the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task ?
They 're going to get those and put them back to the rest .
And now I 'm going to figure out the best people ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following an analog process to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which <unk> children , who <unk> <unk> , and that the children are going to have the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of computer programs that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
Let 's go back again .
It would take some mutations .
And he tries to bring it back and forth with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , into complicated cases , in a few hours .
At the end , we ended up with programs that are called absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark , strange programs .
But they 're doing that .
In fact , I know , I 've got the safety of the target , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives are dependent on this .
One time I was going on a 747 with Marvin Imaging , and he pulls out a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` Open airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer insurance . '' Do n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to rely on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the options that are there .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much faster .
So it 's self-fulfilling .
The thing is getting faster and faster , and I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed down .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant in our part to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of creating whatever it is to come .
But now comes lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I <unk> .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've practiced long enough to allow me to give up part of my false prestige .
Before I was dealing with my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end , and we 're coming up with the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to be out of the rules , and it talks about the statistics and they 're talking about the statistics , and they 're talking about it to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you might know .
It 's called the average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught , and that anyone who tries to throw it up at the first base , not come to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts in 10 attempts .
Do you know what a <unk> refer to you on the Big League ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what you call the baseball <unk> of 400 ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's 10 strokes , they get four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the League of the League of it in the last League of it to run more 400 hits in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to give you this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or perhaps less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are derivatives to a surgeon who has also a record record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose they live in a remote place , and a loved one of them has two clogged arteries , and his family doctor took a cardiologist to a cardiologist whose record is 200 .
But do you know something ?
She 's actually improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think you should be the average of a hits of a heart surgeon or an intimate surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in all of the medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a provider .
What we do , however , is sending the world , and I included , with the mandate to be perfect .
That never , ever made a mistake and you 're trying to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I 'm going to do when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studying the blood exam .
Perhaps .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses of the nurses at the Toronto General General , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my anatomy class , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of our aorta , the frequent <unk> and not usual .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify their kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I went very well ; I graduated with respect .
And they went out of the school school with the impression that if you put it all , then it would know everything , or as much as you can , close to everything , because I 'm going to get rid of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady in the emergency service where I was working .
At that time , I was assigned to the cardiology .
And when emergency emergencies went to a cardiologist .
It will inform the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady lady , I was very quick .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , and this is the blood , and that 's why there 's a difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give .
I gave aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure in their heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her to his house .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did what I should have done , which was to call my boss and <unk> with him so he saw .
And if my boss had seen it , I would have been able to bring aside .
Maybe I did for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who was paying attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When I send it to their home , he did n't pay attention to a voice in my inner and said , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure , and I was going to just ask the nurse who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said very <unk> , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So it was , signed up , and the ambulance together with the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I kept on my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and I walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home , I did something I do n't normally normally .
It went through the emergency service service of the road home .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady who was taking me before , but another one . He said three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists who fear too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the patient 's patients .
The three words are : You remember you ?
`` Does he remember the patient who sent home ? ''
He asked the other very <unk> nurse .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
During an hour of having come to his house , after I gave him the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance had brought in the emergency room with 50 centimeters of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
Just breathing , I was blue .
emergency staff would go through all of their resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was a shock and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive care and expected to hope to recover .
And in the two or three days , it was obvious that I never <unk> .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , it was transferred to what was happening .
And to the ninth day , they let it go . The wife , wife , wife and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I got bored for it , and I experienced for the first time , <unk> shame that exists in our medical culture and sat down alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't engage with your colleagues .
You make your peace and make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we are bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I spoke to the family , and I 'm sure I 'd put things out and made sure I did n't get bored .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her to her home ?
And in my worst moments , why I made a stupid mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little on that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And on a cloudy day , he opened up the sky , and finally came the sun , and I was wondering if I would feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself in which if I encourage the efforts to be perfect for no more mistakes , I would stop those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it became .
Two years later , I was an assistant at the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto , and I got a man of 25 years with a pain on the throat .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked into his throat , I was a little <unk> .
He would give him penicillin and sent him to his house .
But as he ran to the door , he kept pointing out his throat .
Two days later , when I came to my life change , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I gave the three words : you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw a pain on the throat ?
Well he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not the throat , but it 's the upper airline , and it can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
And he was managed to get antibiotics that 's going to be <unk> , and he recovered to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , then I was terrified and went back to work , until it happened over and over again .
Twice in the same emergency turn , not <unk> appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were undergoing 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I did n't think it was a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal . A colleague that I was looking at the patient , it would find some sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague to take him .
And he checked , and when you notice some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant , he called the surgeon .
Both were operated and they recovered well .
But each other , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most meaningful have been over the last five years .
Just , embarrassed and support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release myself and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tell me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think of me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party , you 'll hear about the errors of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital was going to be wrong with the wrong leg , believe me I would have a hard time to look at your eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't -- those who ca n't sleep and those who have great results in it .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as the antibodies you start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we look forward to the people who make mistakes , we get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a crummy medical study and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where the errors are happening every day , where one in 10 drug drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where <unk> infections are increasingly , and more large , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 thousand Canadians were killed by preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medical Institute set up 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not taking the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is added up every two or three years , and we do n't get distracted .
You sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , I was born with <unk> eyes and with breath to alcohol , and suddenly my story is <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't want their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as they taught us , and we eliminate all the professionals prone to error , well , there 's no one .
And how do people do n't want to talk about their more serious cases ?
In my program , `` White <unk> , black art , '' it 's a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance in the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' -- blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah
And his students would get bored , <unk> , down the head and <unk> saliva and started telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> can be able to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a medical medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The intellect doctor is human , human knows , human knows , and they do n't get proud of their mistakes , but she tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
They share their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Let 's get rid of other people 's errors not with intent to get them , but in a loving way and support , so they all benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes in time .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a redefining doctor .
I 'm a human , do mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I 'm a lot of effort to learn something that can communicate to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
Recently , I did a survey for more than 2,000 people , and the average amount of election that says a half American is about 70 to a day .
Not long ago , on a research followed by a week to a group of presidents companies .
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are deployed by these executives and the time that we 've got to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , we 'd run <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every job included very many <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of your time .
Now think of your choices .
Do you know how many of you belong to the <unk> category , and how many of the hour of an hour ?
How do you grade the way that those decisions addresses ?
Today , I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice at the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
While I 'm talking about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of choices ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , I 'm going to take a very high grocery store , at least at the time it was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different fruits and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when you take water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but I said , `` Why do n't I buy anything ? ''
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including those who were in the sealed box that came from the millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Is this strategy okay to offer all these choices ? ''
He pointed at me with the buses full of tourists that were coming every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .
hallway .
They had different classes .
He took a <unk> , right to the entrance to the store .
We put <unk> out of six flavors or the 24 different flavors and look at two things : First , what would people be willing to stop and test jam ?
More people stopped when there was 24 ; 60 percent , when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jelly pot .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Where they stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
From the ones that stood up when there were six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If you do the calculations , people had six times as likely to buy jelly jelly , if they found six .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy jars of you probably , you know , <unk> less is good to conserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem with the overload of choices are affecting us in momentous decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this is not <unk> .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to a study I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Hung <unk> , where we see decisions about savings for retirement for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of funding offers available in retirement plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that actually , there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were going from two to 59 different options .
We found that the older it was the number of funds , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was from 70 percent or more , not as high as you wanted .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation went down to the 1960s .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So for the ones that they decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices , the more people would be used to avoid actions or investment funds .
As the more options were , they were more willing to invest on market financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would argue to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is to make sure that the decision is even when this is against self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less more satisfying , albeit objectively better .
The main reason is that you 're going to be looking at that gigantic variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choosing that amazing exhibition .
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research so that you can test in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , that less is more .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut away , you get strange redundant choices , you 'll have a sales increase , we 're going to increase the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When I went out of 26 different types of Head from 26 different types of Head to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate corporation eliminated the products for waste of cats who were less sold , they increased profits 87 percent , for two causes , higher sales and lower costs .
You know the supermarkets today , on average , they give 100,000 products .
In a grocery store , it 's all about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> , and it provides only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato sauce can .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have sprung up on how to handle the choices is the statement of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the employees of Harvard are automatically a automatically attached to a safe background of life .
The people who really want to choose , they 're offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They all are important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those options .
And if their employees ca n't tell the difference , they can not do their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people out of this audience a vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the Gary supply .
( Laughter ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the supply .
They 're not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , than in the second , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were made to be more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of options .
And so people understand differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must be very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit card , which when you use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out to make it become more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> staff who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were <unk> to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we can save exactly how we used , we made a little addition .
What we added is that we appeal to the staff that you thought about the positive things that are going to fit in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was a increase in 20 percent and an increase in the number that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hall .
We saw that in supermarkets 's <unk> , the <unk> exhibition can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish it .
These are two jewelry displays .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you tap on it .
( Laughter applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you tap on it .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This scheme is completely useless .
categories must tell you something that you choose , not the one that defines .
You often see this problem with these huge money lists .
Who are reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle a lot more information than what we think about , if we just do it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows you completely completely .
You have to take 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one .
<unk> , color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor is built , four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order in which decisions appear .
So half the customers are going to go from a lot of options , 56 colors , a few times , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How much are you involved .
If you 're always <unk> the default button on each decision , that tells you that you 're overwhelmed , whatever , you 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from many choices to a few , put the default button over and over again , and another more .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they keep there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was alter the order in which the information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to choose .
Even though the choice of changes does n't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration , in all ways they make us to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged in the process .
To summarize it .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choices : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives ; <unk> , making it real ; <unk> , we can handle more categories with less options ; we 're going to discover complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've introduced you were designed to help handle alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their issues , or for the people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful when we choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the 1980s Germany , a communist , if you had a writing machine , I had to tell the government .
You had to record a written sheet of written written with the machine .
And this for the government to track the origin of the texts .
If they found a written message with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
Now in the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , how much this is going to make the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer , and it prints a page , that page will end up having these little yellow dots on every page that are still a pattern that makes them own .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to be very much about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments are using technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems on the network .
If we see what happens in the online world we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
They are the cybercriminals .
As Mr. Dimitry <unk> from Kiev 's city , Ukraine .
cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , who would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys are doing their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media through banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when you buy on a living computer .
The secret by the U.S. 's secret , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is out there ; you do n't know your stop .
And I say that today is more likely to be a victim of a cybercriminal than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong in worse .
In the future , most of the crimes will happen online .
The second group of bombers that we observe today is not motivated by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate them the protests , they motivate them the opinions , they motivate laughter .
Groups like Anonymous have <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who do it for money , the <unk> like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national America governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an <unk> authority of the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
They broke the last fall of the last fall because of a <unk> .
They put the safety of the site , and that 's why it 's <unk> .
Last week , in a meeting with the Dutch government meeting , I asked one of the leaders if they found one of the leaders if they found the death of people who were dying of the attack .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from an attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
They signed up .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except that we were <unk> foreign authority .
They were going to get out of certified certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters commissioned the headquarters for the secret police police headquarters in April 2011 , and during 2007 of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had been sold by the Egyptian government tools to intercept a large scale , the communications of citizens in the country .
They had sold this tool for 10,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company 's headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments can provide totalitarian governments to do totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this themselves .
For example , in Germany , only a couple of weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a very good case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
<unk> connection to the Internet .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this , the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it really does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry about ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , it will be forever .
We blindly blindly blindly respond to any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions you have to worry about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south part of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows from my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi has no fences in most of the south , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
We made our livestock .
This is one of the ones that killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning , and we found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to make them <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up hate a lot of lions .
They were dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also annoyed with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think it 's so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to the age of nine , is responsible for her father 's cattle , and this was the same thing to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were scared .
But I realized that this was actually not helpful , because even helping the lions see the barn away .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to deceive the lions so they believed that he was near the barn .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they went , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he jumped out and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the barn with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch to turn it on and off the lights .
And this is a little lamp of a broken lantern .
Let 's get everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load , and the battery <unk> electricity into the small box , <unk> it . I call it a transformative .
And the box <unk> makes the lights down .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And that 's what lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> the lions to think I 'm walking through the barn , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to a problem with lions .
And the houses in the neighborhood heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed her many animals a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them up . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators as hyenas , leopards , and also it 's being used to scare the elephant elephants .
And because of this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship from one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
It even took my friends to my community , and we installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So , one year ago , it was just one child on the savanna along the savanna , I had my father 's cows ' cows , and he used to see flying airplanes , and he said that one day would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come on an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and a pilot .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving cows from my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA : An electrical fence ?
<unk> : I know that the electric fences were already invented , but I want to do mine .
CA : So now you 've got it once , right ? And you -- and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
Let 's get it in every step you give , my friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt so proud .
In school , we 're going to spend all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world , except for America , South Korea , Japan is your enemies .
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I 'd spent my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public run .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never starving .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That he said , `` When I 'm going to take this , the five members of the family will stop in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we are ready to die . ''
I was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At the time , when I walked in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase from my memory .
A woman with no life was dead on the street , holding a child <unk> in her arms watching her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
An enormous famine soldier North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
At the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequent <unk> , all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China , just across the river from my house .
I always asked why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which serves between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to continue .
But many people die .
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I would be separated from my family in a short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life was like as refugee <unk> .
But soon I learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was <unk> , and it would be <unk> to a horrible fate back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , so I put my skills in the Chinese language and they asked me a lot of questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to exploit .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a officer told each other , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in the foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Though they had captured , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they 're tortured , incarcerated or executed in public .
Though I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have not been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , all of the world can be done in a second .
That 's why , after 10 years of hide my identity , I decided to make the risk by going to South Korea .
And I started new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much older challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are every Koreans , but in the inside , we 've become very different from 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call my pride .
Even though I 'd come to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the exam exam at the University .
Just when I was starting to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities had some money that sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location remote outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I began to plan how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and I went to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to mentor them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught in a few times .
Once , our bus was arrested and addressed for a Chinese police officer .
And he asked her to all , and started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse myself on foot , and I told him that they were a workaholic .
He looked at me , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way to the core frontier .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border border in Laos .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in capital capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison a mile away from South Korea embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or shelter .
I lost hope .
At that moment , or the voice of a man , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so stunned that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained to him , and without hesitation , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and another two Koreans and taking them out of prison .
I thank you with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The nice stranger <unk> a new hope for me and for the village , when we even needed it .
And it showed me that the kindness of the strangers and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to get their freedom is just half the battle .
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families and when they went to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practices of English , hands-on , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with even inside , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity of international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Central Center .
This is South Central , <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners come together and thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else , so they changed it to Los Angeles South , as if this is what 's actually going wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles . <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Like millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Central , home to the food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to get killed more people than food food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Central .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , let 's say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder what would you feel like if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you go home , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see wheelchair chairs and sold as cars that are used .
I see Millennium dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was planting a forest of food in front of my house .
In a land strip that we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet x 3 .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This is how I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green <unk> , we sit , and we started to plant our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group in advance of gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the entire city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city sat down on me and in summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to retire my garden , the <unk> became a warrant .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
An order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So it was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the Green Green members who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 signatures , was a success .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> actually called to say that they 're going to be able to say that they were doing and they loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's equivalent to 20 Parks Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell do n't you look good at this ?
Let 's take a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars for a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , you grow your own food .
<unk> your own food is how you print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . I 'm getting my kids there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grow my art .
As an artist from graffiti , that <unk> walls , I lay down soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let it be their canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witness the way my garden became an education tool , of transformation in my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion that came from a mother and her daughter , they were like the 10:30 1 night , and they were in my yard , salt and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger , and this is just why I do this , people ask me , `` Oh , end , no temes that people are going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid to leave you to steal . ''
So it 's on the street .
That 's what it is .
I want you to take it , but at the time , I want you to get your health out . ''
There was another time I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was so only for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to planting maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had about 50 people who come from , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If kids grow <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of these are taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects your mind and your body , you eat blind what they put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're trapped . I see kids of color that are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids to be able to train their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe there 's the next George Washington next to you .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
So I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food in the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability , it 's you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out , take the kids off the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to do sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We need to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you take them to take their loader ?
That 's his weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap , to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your loader so that we can plant something .
Peace : Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> sound ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made off asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , that it rains a lot .
They can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt than a splash .
And especially if they 're riding on your bicycle and these automobiles , that 's not really nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a quiet road .
The solution to that is to do roads of <unk> roads .
<unk> , <unk> , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and water can go through it , so that all water of rain will flow sideways , and you 're going to have a road that 's easy to drive , and it 's not more water .
Noise will also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that you can undo .
What is it to get rid of it ? You see , on this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First stone , then and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can hurt your windshield and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create holes in that .
Oh , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , can be turned into a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material .
It 's an porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Due to the elements , to the light of the ultraviolet , to the oxidation , this <unk> , the glue , the glue , the glue , <unk> , and if they 're <unk> , will be <unk> and separate from the <unk> .
So if you drive on the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this stuff happen , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is we can use steel wool , from that to clean <unk> , and we can cut out the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits together with the <unk> .
So we get asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like what you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you have to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow of these <unk> and stones and <unk> back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave machine , because I ca n't bring the great induction machine here on the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , I 'm going to take you back to see what happened .
This is the show coming out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried many samples there and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So we donated a bit of a road , 400 feet of the <unk> freeway , where we had to do a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We made the samples , we put a lot of load on them , the ones we know them after with our induction machine and we protect them , and we went back to it .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've done a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using your induction 's energy to actually increase the lives of the surface of the road , they can even double the life of the surface . It will really save a lot of money in very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repairability does act .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember having woken up one morning with <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening BBC , in his little gray radio .
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news generally <unk> it .
`` The Taliban were ! '' She screamed at my father .
I did n't know what , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were <unk> in Afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was struck as a child to encourage my older sister , who could n't be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could be educated .
Every day , we would take a different route , so nobody could be suspicious of where we were going .
We had to hide the books in market bags to look like that we were shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us tight up in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but it was extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we were doing our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Every time in school , school was suddenly closed for a week , because the suspect Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew from us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but yet , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters 's daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and that 's why his father 's <unk> .
But my mother educated became a teacher .
This is her .
He took two years ago , only to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk to not educate their children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember moments where I was very frustrated about our life and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , still you want to not continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age in my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I 'm so proud to graduate here at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> her home by the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first ones to congratulate me .
He did n't just get rid of my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I carry him on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which it is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to take the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> by them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show her her face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter would go away from <unk> to his village , and literally , they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When I got to her house , they 're the phone , a voice had a voice , and he warned you that if he kept sending her daughter to school , they would go back .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't hurt the future of my old daughter for your old , <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind the most of the people we succeeded , there 's a father who recognized her daughter 's value , and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of the brilliant future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who were at school are counted in hundreds of -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I fear these changes not last much , after retirement in U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I see the students in my school and their parents who were going to take me , that I 'm going to get them down , I see a lasting future and an durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities for endless possibilities , and every day girls of <unk> me .
Like me , they dream of big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . Get me against him .
But you 'll never go back to a revolutionary revolutionary style . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution broke out of <unk> <unk> from the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and men <unk> were at the cutting edge , running the fall of the regime , carrying their banners dignity , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to meet the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and remove our country .
However , Gaddafi made a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I have loved , along with many other women , reconstruct civil society , pushing a inclusive , fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations on <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 to <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , I began to organize workshops about developing capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the budget of Women 's budget by Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the female autonomy of the woman and for our right participation in the construction of democracy and peace .
I found myself in a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which will become more <unk> of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
But slowly , the exhilaration of elections and the revolution like one , they were disappearing ; every day we found news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day with the murder of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the murder of official officers .
And every day , each day , we woke up with the government of militia and his full violation of human rights humans and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , made by a revolutionary mentality , becomes more <unk> , and has been away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , which we had at first .
<unk> , <unk> and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all to inspire them with our history of success on the <unk> list and elections .
Rather , I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we choose wrong , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because the election did not brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both for men and women ?
Maybe what was missing were not only women , but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than needed the election , which is merely polarization and division .
Our nation needs the literary representation of the feminine that will need the numerical representation and quantitative .
We need to stop acting as an outrage and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but also put mercy to mercy , rather than revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that Libya , shattered by war , desperately desperately in order to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that is about the interrelationship and <unk> between female perspectives and male friendships .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in existential way before they do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> <unk> <unk> -- peace -- `` It 's the word of God merciful .
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the traditions of the traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> the feminine and motherly , which covers all the humanity that men and women , that all the tribes and all the people have <unk> .
And so , like the uterus completely covers the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion <unk> all existence .
That 's what we 're like , `` My mercy spans all things . ''
That 's how you say , `` My mercy is <unk> about my anger . ''
That we all get rid of the mercy of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody does always do : Why is she left ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks with it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> green `` Express , '' and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many , many times , the man , who I created my twin soul , tied me to head with a pistol , <unk> <unk> .
The man , who loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head , and he threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love with love , where every year fall millions of women , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA in <unk> at Harvard School School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the `` Fortune 500 '' list , between them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been about 20 years and married my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black guy , and I drive an <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all of the religions , all of your income and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent , and long duration , or , in the families , the last place you would want or expect to find violence -- why , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told them that it would be the last person in the world to be left with a man who sticks with , and in fact , I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between ages 16 and 24 are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , dating and husbands in the United States .
I also went a typical victim because I did n't know about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night night .
I was sitting next to the subway in New York , and he started with me with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just taken away from an Ivy League university and working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most about that first meeting was that it was ready and fun , and it seemed like a kid in the field .
He had some big <unk> as apples , and a little wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it all over the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and she loved everything from me : I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who had been passion for teenagers , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
He believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , like nobody had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor in that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and its brilliant future had so much relevance to it .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going from New York to leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my work and <unk> and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was falling into a `` <unk> love , '' which was entering a physical head , financial and critical psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to bring the threat of violence to see how she reacts .
And this is where these guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where you 're supposed to be so safe , he bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he stored under the pillow on our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that he lived in small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns actually were a message to me , but I had never raised my hand , my life was already in danger , every minute every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I got the girlfriend 's girlfriend 's girlfriend and I married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very regretted .
It had just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of being a family with me .
It was an isolated accident , and it would never make me hurt .
I spent twice as much in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so strong in my head that <unk> various times against the car window .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , ran out of traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> continued to <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
And I was telling you when I thought it was the only thing in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control -- that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help him tackle his devils .
The other question that everybody does is , why is n't it just going ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone anytime .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim to put the relationship to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has no longer losing .
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has come back to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the family justice system to <unk> the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time with not the man who 's going to take time to their mother .
And yet we keep asking why is n't it just going to be ?
I was able to go , because of a last <unk> beat that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved it so much , would have killed me if she could .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody , the police , to my neighbors , to my friends and family , full of strangers , and I 'm here today because you all helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` The guilt is yours for staying , '' as if the <unk> victims intentionally fall in love with men who want to destroy them .
But since I published , `` Love love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a password lesson from what happened to them , and they will promote their lives joyful and happy , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I became married with a nice and kind man , and we have those three children .
I have that guy black and also that <unk> .
What I wo n't come back to , ever , is a pistol and <unk> my head on someone who says he wants me .
Right now , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid was ! '' or all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused as they 're being abused or that they are <unk> themselves .
The abuse might be affecting their daughter , his sister , to their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love of the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last plea to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse is only in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply by shedding light on her .
The victims need everybody .
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with their kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They 're looking at their vision of survivors as a fantastic , charming people , who have a full future .
<unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the <unk> victims .
Together , we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the secure and peaceful oasis they should be .
Thank you .
Hi . My name is Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel like at this moment , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed up like that , luckily , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first set of clothes on a TED stage ; so you 're very lucky to <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when they come up , they do n't have to do it now , but I 'll find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater by the head , because it 's when you 're laughing at me , so you do n't do anything as it comes to me .
All right .
Why did I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also surface .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
He was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer said to me that I would lay on my back and make the hair out of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial tan , like the one that I made two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our aspect , which , although <unk> and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being courageous is to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my work sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how does it become a model ?
And I always say , `` An <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model of it is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of an inheritance , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have n't just defined beauty as a health , youth and symmetry , which we 're biologically programmed to admire , we also have this associated with a high and <unk> figure , <unk> and a white skin .
And that 's my inheritance , the heritage that I 've known to take to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical , and maybe there 's some <unk> <unk> you say -- wait . There you are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , 6,000 <unk> .
First of all , you 're going to call them so much models . It 's amazing .
But sadly , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from New York University told us all and each of the models on the runway , and the so-called hired models , only 27 , is to say , less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people always do is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't know .
But then , what I really would tell you to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> female surgeon , which would be impressive , because you 'd be the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I tell you .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of newsroom in American American magazine or the H director of H & M , or next Steven <unk> .
To say , the bigger you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're bigger .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all the things that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike the <unk> surgery , it can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Sadly , once you run out your studies , and you have a rsum and some jobs to your back , no matter what you might say , you know , if you say you want to be president from the United States , but your rsum would say : Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the pictures are stuck .
And I know , pretty much all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a girl .
This is what I looked like next to my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a pajama party a few days before the photos for the French Revolution .
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they 're able to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do you get free things ?
I have too many heels of 20 centimeters , and I never use , except for the couple before , but the privilege that I get in real life , and we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a shop and I forgot to bring money , and they gave me the dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver , and he jumped up a red light and , of course , stood up , and it took a sorry , agent to be able to drive .
I love this privilege for me , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for what they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the <unk> teenagers , the ones that were left and <unk> , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there 's only <unk> young black and Latino people in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> me ?
How many times do I get bored ?
When I look at this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the <unk> girls in the United States do n't like its body , and that number rise to 78 percent at 17 .
So the last question that people do is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you feel very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing power to work with creative and creative people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I am because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , with the thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the most fashion , but probably are the most insecure women on the planet .
But most of all was hard to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the largest <unk> .
If there 's something to hold out of this talk , I hope that everybody gets more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image of the perception of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was so much older enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I was n't me who pulled them out .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to replicate the photos , not even a minimum of the lighting .
In fact , most people get them out of random tourists .
My story begins when I was in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me up this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened to do that that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you know what it comes from now .
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take me back to New York on a <unk> trip and continue the ritual ? ''
This is when we started asking for the tourists that were going to get us to take the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and luckily , no one has never been touched with the camera .
So , we were n't aware of how much of life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , what had happened that day , so a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop in a October week , and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we 've always got the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter has new landmarks , and I can see life through their eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything .
That particular time we spend together is something that we expect with the whole year .
Recently , on one of the travel , we were walking , when all of a sudden , they stopped on the dry , and he pointed out the red <unk> of the dolls that I loved little on before .
And he described to me what made the five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that she remembered his heart force with force to see that place for the first time , nine years ago .
And now what looks in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and I do n't get to get closer to somebody and ask them , `` Does it take us a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
Chimpanzees are found in the most threatened bird .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughs as <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament are not clean the environment ; <unk> do n't help prevent spread of disease .
They hardly be monogamous . They 're far away from extinct , and my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits of the New World who are mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the birth of the Old World Age , where we have 16 species .
So , why do banks are important ? First of all , they provide ecological ecological services .
It 's our gatherers of natural trash trash .
<unk> people into the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb anthrax , which is not for them to spread and causing large losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where you do n't have rabbits , people take three to four times more time in broken , and this has huge <unk> in the spread of disease .
Salmon also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture .
He was the protector for the protector and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , the unit between the bottom , and 2009 .
In the Hindu mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the 10 <unk> heads .
In <unk> culture , they are done very important at high-speed sky to open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a system of natural <unk> .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , of which six are largely threatened to extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason you 're being poisoned is because there 's conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , rabbits are the victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it means that in less than 10 or 15 years , and the reason is because they fall prey to the livestock of livestock that has been treated with a drug called <unk> .
This drug has been banned by virtue for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread on the number of street dogs in landfills , and when you have the street dogs , you have a huge amount of time bomb in it for rage , which has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be top of the Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines did this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrific trade of rabbits that are dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine the basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel by different countries , so you can focus on a local problem is not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments on regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and say to them , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they 're going to spend their time to spread the word .
When you get out of this room , you will tell you about vultures , but talk with your families , with your kids , with your neighbors on your neighbors .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed , because he saw it flying without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do today and everything I do professionally -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 until 1977 to 1977 , I 'm young , but I am no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , at 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we played with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the river <unk> , and teaching local people growing Italian tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to tell them to come to work , and sometimes they do n't come . We were amazed that the locals , in such fertile valley , had not had agriculture .
However , instead of asking them how it was possible that we did n't eliminate anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just for time to save the people from Zambia of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes , and in Italy , a tomato tomato specialist . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to the <unk> , `` Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were cute , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river and ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we only did the Italians making mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what the Americans were doing , what they were doing the English , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
And you can see the waste -- we 'll see the waste that we 're going to tell people from Africa .
He wants to read a book , he read <unk> <unk> from <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western countries , we 've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you the harm that the money has caused .
Just read their book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon Mormon , and we treat people just in two ways , or we 're going to treat them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` parent . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I 'm dealing with any of a different culture , as if they were my children , `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I 'm dealing with all of a different culture , as if they were <unk> .
That 's why white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said most of economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This is supposed to be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the guy who opened this conference , put a cane on the floor , and said , `` Can you , can you imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to just the 27 years only answer people , and invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you 're never involved in one , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what does you do ? You know .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people of the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give them an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what is you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , once instead of getting a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we listen to them ? But not community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never pause , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity they have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't hurt their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one to one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You should create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family member of the business , who set up with you in their house , at the table of your kitchen , in the coffee , and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time , trying to get away from this patronizing junk where we came to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects on gait , and the government came to me to see to ask , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I fell down and heard . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest corporate advisors in history , passed away to '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` Life is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company . ''
The planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit .
So now we <unk> rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you .
You have to offer them , you know , you have to be fantastic when you can help them , and then they 're <unk> , they 're going on mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , you get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you talk about . Have you ever done this morning ?
This is what you 've been doing .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneur is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , <unk> fossil <unk> , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to think about , is how we <unk> , heal , we educate , we move to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are n't the technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs , and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a future , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860 .
And in the year or 1860 , they got together this group of people , and I 'm going to tell him about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they talked , if the population is growing up to this rate , to move to the population of New York to the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already dressed in manure . So , in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology to New York City .
So , what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , the United States came up with <unk> companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in places <unk> .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they wo n't talk to you .
Then you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated to <unk> .
And then , later , you 're going to have to tell the truth about it to start .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to count on a great financial administration .
Do you know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and look for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born yet .
We 've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , new , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of it started by one person .
Never the word `` I '' but the word `` us , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in <unk> , in bars , along with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone did this gentleman by this gentleman who talks about this epic , who 's talking to you , what needs ?
What can you do ? You can do it ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I 'd like to ask someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't swap a lot of knowledge , despite sharing the same public spaces .
Over the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we afford and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape ?
How do we share our hopes more our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I am in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds a relief with giant <unk> that gives shadow and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It always runs to the music . There 's a parade in New Orleans , and the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most abandoned American property .
I live near this house and I thought about how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And it made me a profound gratitude for the living time .
It was clearly clarity of my life today .
But let me take this look in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be catching up a day and to forget the really important thing for one .
So with the aid of old and new friends , he transformed the wall of this house that was left on a giant blackboard and painted on it , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So mathematicians could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the day the next day the wall was full and kept <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be judged by piracy . '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line for date . ''
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die I want to turn out again . ''
Before I die , I want to go somebody 's rescue . ''
Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive , and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh loud , <unk> me , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways . It 's about supporting the reflection and contemplation and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started receiving hundreds of messages of people who wanted to do a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they have been done walls across the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina , Argentina and beyond .
Together we show the power of our public spaces , if you give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I realized that we prepare for death is one of those things that we get more power to .
If you think about the death of our life we 're living .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope , fears and stories , people around us ca n't only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Today I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 years old , very hot .
It does n't talk , but it transmits joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
Music unconditionally happens what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
They do n't care about religious differences , and notice about this : it has never lied .
When I sing songs of our childhood , trying to tell the words of our childhood , trying to say , I could n't even remember , reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year that I went out with one of the songs of my iPod , conversations that I kept when I was four years old , I pee on my arm during the first episode of <unk> and Lady Gaga .
Is n't it amazing ?
But most people disagree with .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though they would n't consider them within the ordinary , it could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself differently , from there that 's going to be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the disorders of the development that goes faster in the world , there is no cause or known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new being in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived alive and sticking it into their own world , with their own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that was in between .
As growing up , it would become more different , and the differences were made more evident .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the hyperactivity , there was a really unique thing : a pure , innocent nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being that never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult moments in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that it 's things that I would n't want to change by normal .
normality is very high on the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that any of you are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach out one thing about it to <unk> and Sam and to you , it would be that they do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or no , the differences that we have -- they 're a gift ! Each one of us has a gift in their interior , and honestly , the search for normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for the greatness , progress and change is killed at the time when we 're trying to be like others .
Please -- do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what must have been Alice in the country of the Wonders of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications professor , giving a kind of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . He was really scared . He 's going to get them out of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big , unknown words .
But as those conversations develop , I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I sat down when I had these conversations with students , I was surprised by the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to open that door is a huge communication .
We desperately need a lot of communication for our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please do <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and the engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> , and then what ?
So why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us just that they study the <unk> , they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with jargon .
The jargon is an obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , can you say `` spatial and temporary '' , but why not say `` space and time '' that is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing to make them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without compromise .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways to hook it up and interact with their content .
And by presenting his work , forget about the `` bullet '' signs .
Have you asked why they 're called `` bullets , '' what the bullets can do ? bullets killed , and they kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's serving too much in the area of the language of our brain and drives us .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then , then , providing graphs that we 're going to bring into our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help everybody else open the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when we 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words in the entire Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was a <unk> publisher of the 19th century that defined a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> is that looking for a public charge without matter , platform or principle , and that , when you win , you get it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words they were saying in the parliamentary chamber .
And all this was because of the bravery of a guy with the unusual <unk> name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He put him in the Tower Tower , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to tackle them , and at the end , he had such a popular support in London that won .
And only a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase `` That <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of free expression .
But to show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to the United States , just after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , their leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
You submitted all kinds of suggestions that might have <unk> .
Some wanted to call him `` Chief of State <unk> , '' and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and other people `` <unk> from the American People 's <unk> . ''
It 's not very appealing .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was tested .
And it was n't even doing that , they had the idea that you could be elected by King for a given deadline .
And it could have served .
Everybody got tired , because this debate went on for three weeks .
I read the newspaper from a poor senator , and I would always write , `` Still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him a King in case he would or his awakening .
So , they wanted to give him the most modest title , more humble and pathetic title that happened .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was only before , but it only meant `` somebody who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There was presidents <unk> from little colonial presidents and outpouring of government , but it was really a negligible title .
And that 's why the Senate got into it .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who would take a serious title with a <unk> and insignificant title as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did not give up .
We can learn three interesting things from all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been made by the president 's title .
President Barack Obama is lucky to go there , waiting for the Senate .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says a measurement is a temporary thing to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you with , is that the U.S. President does n't sound <unk> at all as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles and so on .
reality and history have laced the title of <unk> .
So in the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , was a singularity at the time .
But do you know how many nations have now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the President of the U.S .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but really , reality changes the words that what these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine from Ghana .
The air is <unk> and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see a lot more .
I hear voices that speak , but mostly that cacophony of male <unk> and stones with primitive tools .
Like others , I carry a cheap lantern of light attached attached to the head with this rubber rubber rubber , and I can barely distinguish the <unk> branches that hold the walls of the subway .
I 'm going through my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and fell countless feet into that pump .
While I 'm talking to you today , these men are deep at that hole , their lives , no reward , and often dying .
I walked out of that hole and I went home , but they might never do it , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> at the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met the <unk> of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who 's done to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and actually , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not to such a degree .
When we ended up talking , I felt very badly ; I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this awful thing about our days and I thought , `` If I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a stomach , and , weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So my journey to modern slavery started .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some , even my second home was looking at me .
But this time , we would break the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of African Africans all about the <unk> slave .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave farmer was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today , you can borrow entire families for generations for $ 18 debt .
Remarkably , slavery generates profits from over a $ 13 billion dollars a year worldwide .
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to find out that they 're forced to work without paying pay , under threat of violence and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : goods produced by slaves have value , but those who produce are disposable them .
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet , it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the furnaces of bricks .
This strange , <unk> show was like entering the old Egypt , or `` Dante hurts . ''
<unk> on the <unk> temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped in a heavy overcoat <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> bricks in their heads , until 18 at a time , and they take them from hot feet to trucks that are hundreds of meters .
It 's going to be done by monotony and tiredness work quietly , doing this task over and over and over for 16 hours a day .
There was no pause to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made to pee outside a fairly inconsequential .
So <unk> was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean the equipment and make it work with air conditioning for me and , sitting there , thinking , `` My camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
And back in the oven , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was on my side , quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly to prove emotions that is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer you a direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not civil .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> and work inside the system for his release and trusted what they 're doing .
As to me , I waited to get home to feel my calm heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging stones for mountain land down to trucks that were waiting down .
Those big things were stronger than the kids who had had the children load , and the kids hold their heads on their <unk> heads of sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious , but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they 're 16 17 hours a day without compromising it because this has been so much life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their homes .
When we hear the word slavery , we often think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was women who had been previously previously sexual sex .
They drove me through a few <unk> that gave this dirty , faint , fluorescent basement .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small , private rooms , where the western slavery with their girls and children , some of them just seven -- they 're forced to entertain the clients and <unk> to buy more food and alcohol .
Each is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers are often suffering from sexual abuse .
At night in dusk , I remember feeling a little bit hot fear , and at that moment , I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell .
I just had a way out , the stairs where I went into .
There were no hind doors .
There was no big enough windows like climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a hard topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happening around us .
There are hundreds of people involved in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
<unk> are another activity that often associated with the slave labor .
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families <unk> in silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
<unk> black hands are from the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of their children .
It 's going to be <unk> in these big barrels , and you pour silk on the liquid to <unk> , but the stain is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , though , can be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I was going to have a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishing family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense of it ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their domestic families , they were missing , they were forced to work small on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing how to swim .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was quivering , which is something that his little canoe was <unk> .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of the trees plunged into the lake plunged into the lake unless they often catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , water to unleash the branches .
Many drown .
It 's always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of his love is not going to run away , and as all the life has been treated by , they listen to the most young slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they were to raise the last networks , but they had been working from the one .
In the cold and windy night .
And it 's to point out that these nets weigh over 400 pounds when they 're filled with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter in the <unk> of the <unk> victims of slavery .
He symbolizes it as possible .
Who will be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
He took a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a teammate with his motorcycle suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and touched the window .
He asked us to take it through a dirt path to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were going to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to go very quickly .
And then they signal this path just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> , and after walking around about an hour , we found that the way I was going through the recent rains , so I put the photos on my head on my head as well as I put on these water to the chest .
After two hours on walking , the <unk> end ended abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a football field , and they were all filled with laborers .
A lot of women had kids tied up to their back and , while they were looking for gold , they walked around the water they get mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in the other part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were <unk> on their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , given that many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells are up to 90 feet , and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone and then they 're going to be transported to another area where they 're going to be able to extract the gold .
At the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but if you look closer , you see , we see the other less fortunate and also children .
They 're all victims of injury , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis and delivery of mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died he took him to work with him in the mines .
When you die his uncle , I would get his uncle down to the uncle 's debt to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that the doctors said it should be herself .
In addition to that , she has tuberculosis , and yet that 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Yet he 's dreaming , he 's going to be liberated and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw out light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll be able to testimony about them , and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate slavery as slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They 're from people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's not a day that I 'm not thinking about these beautiful beautiful people , abused , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force turns on a fire , and that we 're hoping that it turns out a light on the slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like the management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were going to get off the <unk> and <unk> dancers that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demand for an extraordinary training level , a high level of skill and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , they gradually destroy this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> , who , in his time , was a virtuous dancer <unk> .
In the last few years , it has been made a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick , and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness , and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective , and ultimately the only way we can know if there 's really a cure to be when we have an objective measure and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , there 's no biological markers . That 's why blood analysis , and the best thing we have is a neurological quiz of 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of the clinical trials , they 're never done . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves ?
You would n't need any staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it makes sounds when you 're talking , we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And like the ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of the vocal cords as vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom of the bottom , you can see an example of <unk> <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal shake and stiffness .
The speech becomes more peaceful and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , both of them are <unk> .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . Both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
Both of them are accurate . Okay , but on top tests based on voice , they 're not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're low-cost , and we all know what happens .
When something is so low , it comes up on a massive cost .
These are some incredible goals to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties .
I would n't need to go to the clinic for <unk> .
With high-frequency monitoring , we could get a lot of goals .
We could make low-cost mass recruiting for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Parkinson 's Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals .
We have local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Any one , with no Parkinson 's or without Parkinson 's , it can actually call under price and let 's put recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all of these samples from , say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who 's not ?
What will you go from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to tell if you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You might not end up .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of <unk> data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for the factors of confusion in search for the real markers of disease .
TR : They have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now has shown that it works on mobile telephony as well , what the project is . We have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures .
We went into the darkness , in rooms without windows and , usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin thin models , the perfect skin even more perfect , we can and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of the images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
So a long time later , an organization where it was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , and it was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't sit at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishermen village located in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level , they recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles land .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We got out of rubble from the canals and the ditches .
They took schools . We took the slime out , and we left the <unk> , and we left the <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotted in the local factory .
We were terrified and loved it .
For weeks , the volunteers as the neighbors were found similar things .
They found pictures and photographs of pictures and cameras and electronics .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places in the villages around them .
It was n't until then I realized that these photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that these people had suffered .
While they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help at a center of flush people in the village .
It helped clean up the potluck bathrooms , giant <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of gait would pick up the photos .
And there they were , and I had the honor of that day , I was the honor for me to clean the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I 'd heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was not until I went beyond myself my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some who had more than a hundred years ago , some of them were still in the lab on the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I entered Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started sketching out photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too spoiled , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl , he had to get up with a lot of precision and carefully .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled photograph .
Over time over time , they came by the more pictures , and they needed more <unk> , this is that I entered Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later , 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people to join .
In Japan , in July , we mobilized <unk> , a neighbor in the north of <unk> .
Once on the week we use our scanner in the previous time libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that I take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . It could mean a few weeks .
It could mean months .
This <unk> had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail of the water had n't destroyed .
I took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in seawater , covered in bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of it along with the pace of time continue to <unk> , which is why <unk> by hand was an important part of the project .
We could n't touch it unless I was clean , dry and he would have been thrown by his owner .
We were lucky with cleaning hand .
We have the guide of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm the pictures even more damaged .
As one once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were kind of lucky to make pictures .
He had begun to <unk> her , but stopped when they realize that it 's even more .
They also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and their own face would n't be able to rebuild , we were able to put the images into a single picture and play a whole picture .
When I picked up their pictures , I shared some of his story with us .
A few colleagues of her husband found the photos in a fire station in the rubble far from where her house used to be , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded like .
Her young children , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was caught in the water .
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody has survived .
The day I handed out his photos his son was 14 years old .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to , something that I could remember from the past that would n't have been beaten by that day , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there hundreds of them had hundreds of them , they helped us to clean up more than 135 photographs , the vast majority -- the vast majority came back to their owners .
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us bring back to 90 families hundreds of fully <unk> , <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , somebody loved .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we 'd take , but the first thing you 'd take to look for .
This was what the project was about , to restore small pieces of humanity , to return to someone your connection with the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the person 's life who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something larger , they 'll give back something , using their talent to something that are not thin skin models .
I 'd like to read this email , and I sent it to Cindy the day I came back from six months after six months .
While <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular one , a picture of women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , was moved by a baby , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my <unk> daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the entire world , in all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you . Clapping .
Doc <unk> inspired us wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not about a million or a billion , but a billion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> , a new technique so fast that it can create video in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see behind the corners , beyond the vision of the vision , or seeing the interior of the body without using X-ray , and they challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it on and put it into a second <unk> of a second , in various <unk> , to create an photons package of just a millimeter wide .
And that <unk> package , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle , how do you disperse those photons inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of the light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola do n't take this research , and they 're a lot of things in this film ; I 'm going to get this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a photons package that starts to <unk> , and that , inside , start <unk> .
Part of the light vanishing , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces out inside .
In that time , waves travel through the table , and because of the reflections of the top , you see on the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the observations concentrate .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we 're going to run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us to see that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring movie of a bullet in motion .
And what about the dead nature of it ?
You can see the waves coming out of the table , the tomato table and the bottom wall .
He 's like a rock in a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the same time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't look dark .
Why ? Because the tomato tomato is ripe and the light bounces out inside and it becomes after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your cell phone , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
Like photographers , you know , if we take a picture at the low exhibition , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just get into some light .
So we sent that bullet , that <unk> package , millions of times , and we recorded again and again with very cleverly , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data , and it 's really interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new superhero in the future superhero would allow him to see behind the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw a little bit of light on the door , <unk> , enter the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall , there 's a mannequin and it triggers the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like that fast , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It has very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So , we know the distances to the door and also even the hidden objects , but we do n't know what extent it is to be .
By projecting a laser , you can record a national picture , which , you see on the screen , really does n't make any sense .
But let 's take a lot of images like that , dozens of images , all of them and we 're going to try to look at multiple bounces from light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we take this in the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's going around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the light reflected by open windows .
Or we could build <unk> , able to see the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult , so this is actually a request to the scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new form of visualization to solve the problems of mammography in the next generation .
So , like Doc <unk> , he was a scientist , it turned science in art , an art of photographs .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected is not just for scientific visualizations , but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have the scientific views .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and code code .
And look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just a few <unk> .
But here 's a lot of fun here .
If you look at the waves under the cap , these are going away from us .
The waves should be moving towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects , and Einstein would have loved to see this picture .
The order in which the events happened in the world sometimes comes into the camera .
We 're going to make a corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , and move it to <unk> and become famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and living in the city in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is the fall in 1989 : imagine if all of these people gathering that you were looking for a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who of them have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , you know !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone .
But today , I 'm talking about me , my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
Data in raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . presented .
<unk> data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every Internet provider of all Europe , has to store a wide range of information information .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and to two years , in your phone company or your Internet provider .
And all of Europe , people stood in and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone providers and the Internet providers is stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said this would be the <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also asked if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please give me all the information that they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask for , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're getting my life out of my life . ''
So I decided to make a court demand because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 're not giving this information .
At the end , they <unk> an agreement .
And we would send out the demand and they send me the information I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly in brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> <unk> .
At first I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I spend the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retrieval of data means .
So , together , with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a <unk> visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to train them on a train train , and what often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit scary .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's from all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call me among them .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how people communicate with each other what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who 's going to send you an email to who , all this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall in 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who I was involved in this protest , and if I had known them , who was the leaders , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And then , as a result , neither of the Iron Age .
Because today , state agencies and businesses want to store so much information from us as possible within and outside the web .
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and want to store them forever .
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and it 's not made of fashion .
When you go home , tell their representative of their representative that just because business and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
My name is <unk> <unk> and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me the world .
I took my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to spend it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
<unk> C. It 's not genetic .
It 's not <unk> ca n't contract .
Nobody <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It only happens by accidents , like the one I was born at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration . And I do n't want any one of the ones here .
They feel bad for me , because at some point in life , you want to be disabled .
Come on .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , drive in circles for parking lot , and what do you see ?
16 places for disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
Also , I 'm going to tell you , I have 99 problems , and the P. C. It 's just one of them .
There 's going to be a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled , alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from Park <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my illness had the very early same .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
My father 's mantra was , `` You can . You can dance <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters , <unk> , wiped .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents went to the school system , and he would be told that I was also , and if we did n't take all the top grade , and if we did n't take away all the top grade , I was going to hold my mother from my mother .
My father taught me how to walk at the age of five , putting my fingers on his feet and just walking .
Another tactics that I used to do was hang on a dollar in front of me so that he was going to get it .
The <unk> that I carry on was very strong .
Yes . The first day in kindergarten , I walked like a boxing champion who has received a lot of taps .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think to use `` hate Muslims '' as a slogan of campaign .
People who grew up had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed like a lot of him who died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating , so starving sunrise at dusk is very easy .
I danced it on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were using heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to pass on the summer holidays on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid if we did n't go back to Palestine every summer , we would get stuck on Madonna .
On the summer vacation , often my father was trying to <unk> me , so I 'd drink baby cups on my back , <unk> me in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water , and I remember the water , and I remember , `` It works . ''
But the silver cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a comedian comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand in my head .
My parents would take this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the soap General soap .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a scholarship for the <unk> , University of the state of Arizona , because it was in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet in the theater department .
They all loved me .
I did all the tasks of the less intelligent , I got my peak grade in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the <unk> zoo my teachers <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a play called very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started shouting at the four winds , `` I 'll finally have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Absolutely free !
Thank you to God almighty , I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him to <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> running to the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me that because they believed I could n't do the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role in which I literally had been born and gave him to an actress palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors with without disability for disabled roles .
When I graduated from , I returned home , and my first <unk> tour was an extra piece of soap .
My dream was actually made .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` mate '' to `` better friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , I did n't see more than the back of the neck , and it was obvious to me that directors ' <unk> are not <unk> , <unk> , <unk> actresses .
It just pushes perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I did <unk> .
In my first tour , he took comics famous from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedy that took when she fell into the realization that he was at high-speed speed by the New Jersey freeway with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs all over the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , with no censorship and unfinished .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> in the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little nasty <unk> that says that women are n't fun , and they find us quite fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> <unk> Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in the media , and at a time you will remind directors of <unk> , which <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
It was much easier to fight the Arabs was much easier to fight against the challenge of stigma stigma .
My big opportunity was in 2010 .
I was like invited to the cable news program , with Keith <unk> .
He entered me as if I went to a graduation dance , I went to a study and sat me in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , you can give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were live .
So I held clinging to the presenter 's desk so I would n't get off the screen over the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew I would n't get back .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I was like <unk> , and pasted my chair .
It 's a lot of fun that I learned from with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
The children are said that children are cruel , but they 'd never become a little girl or a little girl .
Suddenly my disability in the Internet became an object of fun .
I 'd see clips online with comments like , `` Why is <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What 's the disease ?
We should really pray for it . ''
A reservoir suggested even I would add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in the wheelchair ca n't make them <unk> , then you ca n't do somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled is the -- yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled is the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the entertainment world .
The doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there was more positive images , that 's actually less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
We may still need the whole society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came up with the <unk> carpet <unk> by the <unk> Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I came to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
The world 's running `` Arabs have <unk> . ''
I went into representation of the great state of New Jersey in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give young Palestinians refugees , a minuscule tiniest part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live in live , and I do this talk to his memory .
It 's in peace , Dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know his story .
She lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without anything to him , it 's going to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no future perspective .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , nothing .
One day you get about a guy who offers him to lunch , after dinner , to a breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , who gives him a break .
She gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , their family .
They presented to a young man .
They finally went home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a bomb .
That child of that small child with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a child in a small village trying to deliver their dreams in the city over with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he did .
This was the first thing that he pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young unemployed urban urban cities that <unk> riots in Johannesburg , who are riots in London , who are looking for something beyond the `` expected period . ''
For the young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of the five people living in cities will be under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , will be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit Hospital Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that hospital at <unk> thinking , `` If I 'd never gone ? ''
What if I 'd been forced to be in that same `` waiting period '' ?
Would I have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders at a business summit .
They brought around 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down , and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that face the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white white white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like it .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I rose up .
He started a motorcycle company .
He started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't get it .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is it different from this story ?
What does this story do differently ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I believe that spirit can be the most powerful tool for the `` expected period . ''
<unk> young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who was attending one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
It was helping me to train some of the young people at the height of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were plastic by plastic from the foreigner .
If you give someone , `` When was the last time you saw flowers fresh ? ''
For those of us who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a <unk> and floral design company .
I created a farm in the outskirts of <unk> , and he began to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the world 's first public park in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell the pink pink .
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the Mohamed presence had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought of starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
They encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that they could be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that are facing the city .
They provide business solutions for local problems .
So , inspire young people to create a entrepreneurship culture , is really a big step , but young people need capital to do their ideas .
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in development and set their businesses .
Let young people with the resources they need , they need the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and you 're going to be catalysts for urban growth .
For me , the entrepreneurial spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's to create a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
The Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
He hired children from the street to help rent and keep the bikes for him .
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : they become young people in entrepreneurs , they 're going to eat them and eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of Peace than <unk> and `` <unk> periods . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an area <unk> north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest <unk> .
The sun made the sheets of leaves as a <unk> , and it 's not going to the way that we were still , we can hardly pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful lens of light when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed there was a dump , from about four square feet with rotten balls with rotten balls , aluminum paper and footwear .
And I was amazed , he was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they were brought to , who thought I was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it 's going to be done a little bit .
Who cleans our garbage ?
No matter how they 're injured or where put the `` our '' -- who cleans our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or Paris or in London ?
Here in New York City , the Department of <unk> clean our garbage , right , right , right , right right , and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their trajectory and I interviewed people in offices and in the entire city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I started working as garbage trash .
Now I 'm not simply traveling on the trucks . I tried them .
And he operated the mechanical acid and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used quickly .
It costs a lot to get to weight .
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies kept pushing on the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Bureau of Labor Statistics , the waste collection is one of the ten <unk> <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and coming in traffic all day , and they disperse around you .
They just want to <unk> , so generally the driver is not paying attention .
That 's really bad for the worker .
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about how relentless in the garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It 's never stopped coming .
It 's also a way of breathing or circulation .
It 's always supposed to be moving .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe that nowhere is the most important work on the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first public health protection .
If you do n't get rid of the waste effectively and effective every day , this starts to <unk> in its container and your dangers , inherent in some very real ways .
Disease for decades and centuries come back to sprout and start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have any space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when they 're in danger of consumption .
I 'm not advocating that for capitalism , I just laid out its relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average average speed .
I mean , I mean , just at the speed that we used to move around in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about , we do n't know , we cleaned up or we get our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw it down , we forget about them , because we know there 's a job force on the other side that it 's going to take away from it .
So I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the waste collection that you might help reduce the stigma and focus on that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you get to .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keep us away from ourselves , from our own waste , our waste , and that flow is always to stay in one form or another .
One day after 9/11 , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a collection of collection picking up on the street , grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running the stairs running , and there was a man doing a paper recycled as I did it all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be OK .
Let 's be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I began to investigate the waste collection , and I went back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
Let 's be fine .
But in our efforts for interactions , the way we exist on this planet as a species should include and have all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , which we think when we 're talking about garbage , they represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to say thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life , which is part of the environment , where architecture is naturally born of conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects today like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> center in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to try .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the skin <unk> generates heat inside , so it takes so much cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen , because it 's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And third , this has nothing to do with Africa and with Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , it was really engaged with the old market that is this open-air structure where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that that was what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
So the next challenge was presented to the site of the site , which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we see now in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating on an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , linking all the inputs into the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates a outdoor space in the building that would be <unk> , by its own way , the sun and the rain .
And around this space , we 've applied to the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor due to the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a <unk> shell shell up to allow the air entrance , and also light , but in a filtered way .
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the dresses in the dresses .
They have the fractal geometry , and this helped me shape the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces of pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way in the building .
This will be done with these little color crystals that use the light from the building into the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers , because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we asked . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the center of the mall , because at the end of accounts , there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy power for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a great advantage putting on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for the sanitation .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that 's so big , the bigger that I was designed , I needed not just understanding the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I got special attention in the <unk> , a 1,000 years structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen <unk> doors of access , almost straight .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets , creating 12 early blocks in size and features to the ones in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines , and this changes the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's direct , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house , and therefore natural ventilation .
So we <unk> a scheme that most of the apartments are perfectly tuned in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the ground , we have all the connections to pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make a higher density on higher levels and lower density on the ground .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost as returning to the community that was occupied by construction .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and do such as a race for a couple of miles in the morning , or jumping from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in the emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes to the communities and local economies at the same pace as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions , that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had very bright amounts of hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capital of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I <unk> my sinister plan .
I was a time after the school out of school , it was a little late and hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took away from the table of my master 's book .
And then I did .
I lay out the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All right . And I signed up to return the book to the drawer . But to see , some of my other partners had really good grades too .
So in a frenzy , <unk> notes all over the world , without any imagination .
And I put them all lines of <unk> and myself and myself , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came out .
I do n't understand why I was doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught .
It 's all <unk> .
They never found me .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell you the reason I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
I 'm fighting jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . Birds tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that look at loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So you have to go to the fiction , because novels are like the laboratory where jealousy , in all possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy , it would have no literature .
Well , there would n't happen to Helen <unk> , there would n't be `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king , jealous , not `` <unk> . ''
No Shakespeare .
You know , <unk> the <unk> of high school , because we would be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' no `` Party '' and `` Party , '' we 'll lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
No longer jealousy , no Proust . I know that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost it has all of them .
This year they 're about 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In search of the lost time , '' the most exhaustive study of sex jealousy and also the ordinary study , and so on , everything we could have , and thinking instead , we have the details of detail , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> in tea 's tea .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as a cat .
I do n't know what the cat looks like , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious , like jealousy , which are reduced to the person , their desire , their impediments , are a really solid narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed to make us feel bad .
Now , if you have storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details include , to nail the knife , right ?
jealousy make us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And you start to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every cool charm that <unk> detects in your lover , he adds him to his collection of reproductive instruments in his private camera .
You have to admit , you know , <unk> and Proust , were notoriously jealous .
You know , Proust Proust would have to abandon the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You need to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
Enzymes get rid of information .
jealousy use the details .
jealousy and jealousy amounts of bright hair and the cute and little pencils of pencils .
And jealousy are <unk> .
That 's why Instagram is so successful ; Proust links well the language of the jealousy .
When <unk> is in his experience of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> <unk> , so it advocates those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` They 're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to demonstrate that jealousy look <unk> and make us seem like <unk> , but at its heart , they 're looking for knowledge , search for truth , a really painful truth . In fact , what Proust matters is , the more painful the truth , the better .
The pain , humiliation , loss : These are the pathways towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` A woman whom we need , that makes us suffer , causes us a much deeper range of feelings , and vital that a wise man who can be interested in it . ''
Is it telling us we 're going to be looking for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
Is there some other excitement that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there some other emotion covering us <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at <unk> intensity ?
Freud would write about this later on .
One day , Freud was visited by a very young man who was being consumed with the idea that his wife <unk> him .
And Freud says that there was something bizarre about that man , who did n't know what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Do you get too much ? Or do n't they even get bored with a man ?
Freud says that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
And novels are very good at this .
And novels describe very well how jealousy they do to look at intensity but not precision .
In fact , the harder we are , the more we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to make violent acts .
jealousy drive us to behave in a whole <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me at the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan of <unk> was captured by having been captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which it would be sent , horrible themselves , for a year .
For a year , every year .
She was trying to get him to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to tell you when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How enormous , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange , brilliant character of the American literature .
It 's the <unk> in a <unk> , and `` Mr. <unk> , '' books that are trying to make jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be genuine in a second .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you 've got to <unk> your self and <unk> what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor , it 's going to show your name , you 're empty your rings , you empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all over the world , as much as sometimes I want to .
It 's a pity , because we live in a time of envy .
We live in time of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social media , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
Now , novels shows the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not sure when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the Baker of Baker Street and asked by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think at the curse curse on Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always got [ <unk> ] <unk> ] <unk> , the head face of rat Scotland , that it needs desperately desperately , he needs the genius of Holmes , but he 's annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar to me .
It needs their help , but they 're pushing it up , and they 're pushing it through bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six <unk> , '' once she enters the <unk> , <unk> all with his solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And it tells you that there 's no person in Scotland <unk> who would n't want to shake your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see relocated to the story , and I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Baxter is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> lets you admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can engage with it .
But I like contingency plans .
So as we hope that happens , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only the fiction of jealousy fiction .
The fiction used , he invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : sweet <unk> , <unk> Tom <unk> , <unk> <unk> , the very Marcel Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo <unk> module and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in time of peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked about the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
And she walked over his surface , which Aldrin after Mr. Armstrong 's death of last year , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have brought up a lot of a turn : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the sunlight and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynics answer is , because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the own words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 are given a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why is the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why is the highest mountain climbing ?
Thirty-five years ago , why is it going to fly over the Atlantic ?
Why plays Rice versus Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the Moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was to wonder at the transcendence of the technology powers .
They went because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a very long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , the polio <unk> was eliminated .
Technology seemed like what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with a candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 's crew flew at 40,000 miles / hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has come back to the moon .
Nobody has traveled quickly than the Apollo 10 crew , and the optimism of the power about the power of technology has evaporated into the view that we might imagine that technology would solve as going to Mars , create clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to be a lot of a result .
I remember seeing Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to not look at the <unk> tube from the rocket Saturn .
I knew that this would be the last <unk> mission , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So , that 's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here , at TED .
It seems like the technologists had distracted us and had enriched toys with trivial toys , things like iPhones and social networks , or algorithms that are accelerating the automated selling .
There 's nothing bad about most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley , that <unk> that have been created less ambitious than the ones that are those of the years when Intel got lost , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits , specifically , incentives that venture capitalists offers to entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the investment investment caused the creation of ideas to be changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mostly mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their height without worrying about risk , they prefer small investment , small investments that they could get out in 10 years .
<unk> . They have always had trouble investing with a benefit in technologies like energy , that they need huge capital and whose development is in the long term , not ever invested in the development of technologies dedicated to solving big problems because they do n't have a immediate value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that would be popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everyone thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources , solar and wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want some sources of alternative energy that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , the technologists , the entrepreneurs , and the economists agree about what policies and international treaties are developing the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and development , and some kind of coal price control .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy from the U.S. or treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technological , it turns out not to be .
We know from time time that famines are the result of the failure of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crop or systems for storage and <unk> , but there will be famines while there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes give us a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The president Nixon declared the war on cancer in 1971 , but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer , some <unk> resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years , they seem to have found effective and viable treatment .
Bad problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can and we must , but these four elements have been present : political leaders and the population must want to want to solve the problem ; the institutions must support the solution ; it must be really about a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , meets those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy that 's going to be difficult and dangerous , and there 's not a popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , I was n't even dealing with any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start by cutting up the pervasive ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decline of trust , it 's a very general belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should get trust to trust .
I think that the claim , the goal and the task have been badly wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think is a clearer idea about the subject .
So I first says , why do people think that trust has declined ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that may have dropped in some activities or institutions , and that might have risen in others .
I do n't know .
But I can turn to the opinion surveys , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined .
When you look at your opinion surveys , there are no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were <unk> 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians , still inspired the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way .
But is this evidence ?
What behavioral opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people fit when they 're asked by certain questions .
Do they trust politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Do you think about <unk> ?
Do you go into the fishermen ?
<unk> in primary school teachers ? ''
You probably wanted to ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but others do n't . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in a distinct way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a given kind of officer , the official , or the kind of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , say that I trust a certain elementary teacher I know to give the kind of reading , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my <unk> friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why we 're leaving all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract form ?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they try to instill in the good judgment in fact to trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I 'm going to do .
I would have more confidence in what trust it is , but not what it is not .
Ultimately , I am keen to do not trust what 's not trustworthy .
And I think those people who are going to take their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Naturally deposited or educating intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it is about is doing a judgment on how trustworthy people are in certain ways .
And I think to be able to do a lawsuit , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they being honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we found that one person is competent in the <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but not trusted them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're doing your own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before trust .
The trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last decades , we 've tried to build systems from accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier for the task to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is it takes more time to make the car paperwork that we could actually take the way . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional , that the accountability system that 's destined to ensure trustworthiness , and the evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they 're doing is the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` check the boxes , '' as we say .
You 're sure all of you know similar examples .
Everything , all of that , for the target .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different , if we were worthy of trust , and we encourage the people that we are reliable , and if they 're trying to figure out whether other people , officials or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , which is not properly done .
Third , the task .
We 're working on the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should reconstruct trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us a pin other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to give them <unk> tests that are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
It 's done every day , everywhere , the ordinary people do , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
Let me give you a simple business example .
The store where I buy my socks , he says I can hand them together without giving them .
And I take them and get the money back , or they get them to change the color I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of the computers , we have been working tirelessly to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be done .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a tactile display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I wonder , and if there was no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
I first created this tool that you get into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen is transferring your body physical body .
Designers can hide their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs underneath the screen .
So , with this tool , you break down the barriers .
But the two hands remain out of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands ?
In the Modern Science division of Microsoft , along with my head <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
So I combined a very transparent bombsight with camera cameras , to detect the fingers and the face , you can now lift your hands on the keyboard , get into the inside of 3D space , and grab me directly with your hands .
As the windows and the files have a location in real , <unk> is so easy to grab a book of a shelf .
You can flip through the book and try to set out lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
So these examples , we type in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and we make digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us will be bought and returned by the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
What I have here is an online virtual website .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or skin , when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them be physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would a future like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this single physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D in the space , which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we ring gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation , and <unk> and detectors .
And by programming the object , we 've released it out of the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can come back and go back to reproduce and stay in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and in distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality of the time we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how programming the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us , and it surrounds us not that we have to <unk> our world .
We started talking about a talk today about a barrier , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was reminded of for two years in <unk> for two years in <unk> , China in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to take a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only a accurate path to happiness : a safe , safe job .
No matter if the work I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be an Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer needs to start <unk> from very young , to learn the stunts , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and the host of a radio program .
But any adults get rid of the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much higher to train .
My dream will never be done .
I was afraid , that for the rest of my life a second class happiness were all the only thing I might aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? OK .
They went to the books .
[ `` Works <unk> . ''
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about Chinese <unk> life .
And it 's not convenient that 's convenient .
The Bible is interesting , but odd .
That 's one thing for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The encounter with a new culture also gave up to my comparative reading habit .
We 'll get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning of this map , it seemed to me , because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to research fields like comparative religion and literature .
Comparing and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked out to research , why not do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be people , `` Benjamin Franklin . ''
temptation are cheap , political and spiritual .
For the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Seventh Path Tzu '' Thomas <unk> ] [ The coldest . '' Alan <unk> -- instead of missing in translation , I found that you can make a lot of it .
For example , it 's through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . '' Uh-oh .
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from past and the present .
I know I would n't go back to feeling lonely or powerless .
Having a broken dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even an smashed dream can do that for you .
And it 's thanks to the books , which today I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly most of the time .
So books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a PhD student in clinical psychology at Berkeley .
She was an 11-year-old woman named Alex .
Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a <unk> tour , threw on the couch couch took off the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My colleague of class had a <unk> .
And I was a <unk> I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy to move my head as easy as the solution was going to go .
`` Thirty thirty are the new 20 , '' he said Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start working afterwards , you get home later , you have kids later , until death happens .
For <unk> and I had long time .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life .
I had resisted .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys under their category , he sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like she was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` No , no , but maybe they get married .
Also , the best time to work on Alex 's marriage is before they get married .
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha . ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people sit on head after what used to be used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex to be a pause in their development .
It made the <unk> of Alex to be the perfect time , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this kind of deadly neglect was a real problem and had real consequences , not just for Alex and his loving life , but for racing , families and futures of <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think no one is coming into adulthood without going through the <unk> .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh yeah ! They 're amazing .
If they work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you take a 20-year-old , and I want to see . It 's fine . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be at 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha ! '' -- that they give your life to life when you have 30 and so many .
<unk> people , not panic training .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they gain .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live , or they 're coming out with their future couple at 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in their <unk> , and it 's going to be given to adulthood , which means that if there 's something that they want to change yourself , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any time of life , and we know that the female fertility comes to its top to the 28 , and things become complicated to 35 .
<unk> are the time to get educated on their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where your daily life and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called an adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
journalists call them dumb names like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to get great things , you need a plan , and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give you <unk> to a 20-year-old in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They robbed that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and nothing happens to it .
And then every day , smart , smart guys like you or your sons and daughters come to my office and say something like this : `` I know that my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dates during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
Everyone ran away , and they 'd come up , but then at some point around 30 , the music went off and they all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge amount of pressure at the age of thirty , and so many of them start a career , choosing a city , choosing a couple , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's some research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once to the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying the red cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
Notice that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look themselves , and I was sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the guys are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
By the 25 , Emma came to my office because I was in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said that he would like to work in art or on entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend that showed more fulfilled than ambition .
And despite living very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even harder .
We 're often going to get them on our sessions , but then they were getting up her to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day she got his head on his legs and cried for almost the entire hour .
I had just bought a new book book for board , and I 'd spent the entire morning , I had a lot of contacts , but then he was watching the empty space that goes on after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria when he saw me and he said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if I 'm cancer ? ''
At that moment , I was a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that you really worry about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma passes in front of us .
So for the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that all 20-year-old , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma that I would forget from that identity crisis , and you 're going to take identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I do know this : identity capital generates identity of identity .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that you want to try .
I 'm not rejecting this <unk> exploration , I 'm rejecting the exploration that I should n't tell , that by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and to make it count .
Second , I told Emma that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you back to the airport , but the threads that come together with friends with similar minds are limited to what you know , what they know , how they 're talking , how they speak , and where they 're working .
That new piece of capital , that new person who will come out almost always comes out of its nearest circle .
The new things come from what they call weak links from friends of their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or no job .
But the other half is not , and the weak ties are the way we <unk> this group .
Half of the jobs that have never been released , then to know the head of your neighbor is the way we get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Last but not least , Emma believed you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as I was growing , Emma will soon take your family up , when you have a couple and form their own family .
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choosing the person that you live with now , or now you 're going to tell you now when everyone on Facebook starts to walk towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have , and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work .
Your family needs to be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whatever you choose to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found a <unk> company who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond is helped to get a job there .
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's special effects of events in museums .
This married married man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , love her new family , and sending me a letter that said , `` Now the emergency room spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport , which goes somewhere in the west .
Just before the launch , a light fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 , and even the 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the experiences that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling <unk> like Emma every day : <unk> are n't the new <unk> , they 're going to get their age , get it capital for identity , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't be defined by what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very hard job in management consultancy for a job that was even more picky : the faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics at seventh grade in New York City public schools .
And as any professor , I applied tests and tests .
I gave them tasks .
When the work came back , they were paying grades .
The thing that struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of the ones that had a better performance had no I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that makes me think .
The kind of things you need to learn in math in seventh grade , you 're sure , they 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for long enough .
After several years of teaching , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure better .
Is it the <unk> , but what happens if we succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how to get fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what children were going as far as possible in the competition .
We study teachers partners working in really difficult neighborhoods , which teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are they going to keep their jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all of those very different contexts , one trait emerged as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health , and it was not I.Q . .
It was determination .
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals .
The determination is to have resistance .
The determination is to hold onto its future , day after day , not just a week , not only for the month , but for years , working hard to make that future a reality .
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my ownership questionnaires and then waited for more than a year to see who <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher chance of graduate school , even when I matched them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized test , even the security they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just West Point , or in the National <unk> National <unk> that matters , and it 's also in school , especially for children at the risk of <unk> .
For me , most shocking about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do I develop purpose in kids ?
What should I do to teach kids a strong ethic of work ?
How do I keep them in the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I do know is that talent does n't give them .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , critical determination is not related , or it 's even related to the talent measurements .
So far , the best idea I 've ever heard about developing purpose in children is something called `` growth mentality . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Now Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get back to them when they fail , because they do n't believe that it 's a permanent condition .
So the growth mentality is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to end my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start all over again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our children more specific .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese character .
From that moment , I was struck by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated <unk> can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method and quick learning method could be useful .
Since I was five , I began to learn how to draw every character of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic creates 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , menus , understanding the basic idea of the pages or the newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if I was screaming <unk> , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! ''
This is a tree .
tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks for many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` going on . ''
As the old saying , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch out their arms , this person is saying , `` It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> in the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a tree speaker is quite an idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it gets very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two Suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the shining moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a chart inside the door , is the deadbolt out of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , asking questions .
<unk> , played someone at home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with each little effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing as you learn an eight-year-old Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun in the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun along the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked up one over the other .
In the old China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> will <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become out .
A mouth that tells you to where it 's going to go out .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand .
But when you see that movie so many times , you get to understand it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of a complex childhood imaging .
The magician of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend actually took rise to the rise , interestingly , another film to another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> boy <unk> a girl <unk> as guard of the enemy .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a huge difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of great differences between the magician of Oz , and all the movies we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are quite aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as prophecy .
You use magical shoes to defeat the armies in the evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic characters , wise characters and even villains are women .
I started noticing this when I did `` I did Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that moment , I also had a son .
It 's only three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight had down , so she had slid the room in the room , and he was struck by a little bit like a mother 's leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he would understand what was going on , but he 's <unk> everything .
I wonder what a perceived .
Would you be issues of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would you feel that Luke would be an army to overthrow the government ?
So let 's compare this with the magician of 1939 .
How do you win Dorothy his film ?
They 're doing good ones with all of them and doing a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up to grow , OK , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much , F , strength in the movies for our children , and so bit of the path of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of the film of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , the experience of the <unk> princess does n't give me the right framework that had served to navigate through the world of adults that are blended together . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit for the first kiss , right ?
My quest is over , I have a girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focus on beating the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other adventures or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a suit of warrior .
There are many exceptions , and defend the princess 's princess .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , kids , are n't really their target audience .
They do a great job by teaching girls how to defend themselves against patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming , like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being a war movies .
Of course , the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classic after classic , each of them about the adventure of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and her son , or two men who raised a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism said when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop it !
Well , almost none of these movies happens the test of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not roots , and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation I had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions you have to do : In the movie , there 's more of a female character than have lines ?
So , you have to deliver the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else than the boy that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I 'm very rarely seeing it in the film that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> from Oscar , <unk> , an idea of consensus of what a quality Hollywood movie is .
Pretty much , it 's not going on the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the hostages crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations on this seek , and it 's the great time for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go into the numbers .
In 2011 , of 100 more popular films , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently to Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a bigger number that this one who 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's sexually assaulted in their life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids to have something to do with that .
I do n't think video music or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is there 's a great amount of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do n't they get to learn ?
Are you <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Are we doing that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world , and this is a very disturbing statistic and we want to <unk> .
We have tools for our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that will help , but I have to ask , `` <unk> , '' is going to be <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , we 're educating our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here 's mainly the parents .
I think we have to show our children , a new definition of manhood .
The definition of manhood is changing radically .
You 'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character 's favorite character , you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories that I 'm going to tell you about my son : Go and struggle only and more stories where his work was to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , as the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I 'd like to do was to look at sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , with time , I got used to look for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized to see with my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles long the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see another way .
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared .
This is a place located in the East Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like bright rose .
What you 're seeing are the real chemical changes in the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we used the satellite data to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of old Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits on <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , indicated within the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge hidden flat .
This area is enormous , it 's about six times per mile .
Before , the Nile sank right next to the <unk> and as he changed over time , moved on the east and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a sea city on a large landscape ?
I 'll try and find the chance to look at a needle in a haystack , with the blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA surveys to make a map of the place , very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was going on .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , which we thought might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists making sampling work ; you can see it here .
When I say to sample , it 's like shows in ice , but instead of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five feet below , under a thick layer of sludge , we found a dense layer of pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of several hundred years to date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found jobs from <unk> , <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones in the jewelry store , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find any <unk> here , but we would get it to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Empire Middle Empire , which was probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the largest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So according to it , TED was n't founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen really started in <unk> B.C in a lost city , not a long time and found from the high .
It certainly gets the search for marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Just imagine standing outside the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made .
Now , we had a group of <unk> obese people .
They 're competing for a bike bike race , and they go in the direction of their entry door .
I need you to look at this .
They 're strong <unk> , they 're sweating , you 're jumping down .
And they collide against the door of your house .
There 's bicycle bikes flying around , wheels that they pass on your side , rays off the wheels that end up in <unk> places .
The lobby , to the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and watch the quality of light . The light is shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving at the hand .
From your chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel the blue fur by tickle your nose .
You can smell the oats cookie , and you can pass it up in your mouth .
<unk> over the side and go into your living room .
Already in the room , and using Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his coffee table , singing `` <unk> My One Baby More Time . ''
Now stick me into the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a road of yellow bricks and from the oven coming to you , the Man of <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> of hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that 's happening every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this would be like the end of a <unk> of wise .
There were several men and a few of these different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They were talking about dozens and dozens of strangers .
It took whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who he could memorize so quickly the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena in nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who 's involved in this competition says they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using some old techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do I have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside of the room 's competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful , brilliant English , although a little bit of a crank , said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
Because I 'd like to show Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a deck of live cards , on national television .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start by something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
It ended up most of the next year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential is .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows you to see what extent our memory we are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on <unk> Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon in the Salt Lake public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books ; was twinkling .
And when I come back , I read a amount of treaties on the memory written by the past 2,000 years ago , in <unk> , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained , disciplined and cultured memory was not a thing as rare as it might be like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have done our modern world , but they also have changed .
They have been culturally changed , and I would say that we also changed a cognitive .
As we almost do n't have to remember , sometimes we think we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; there are skills like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be a brains in some ways , structural structural structural .
The answer was , no .
Are they even smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually , no .
It had yet a really interesting , meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the subjects of control with you .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they 're tracking their brains as they <unk> numbers , faces and forms of flakes of snow , they found that in the memory champions , <unk> parts of the brain , different from others .
They actually used them , or they seemed like they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we could learn from this ?
The non-zero-sum tournament is running as an armed race where every year shows someone with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors should get to the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times of memory champion .
At his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented and he only he 's mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the exact order of the same random binary order .
Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques that they used at the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call coding .
It 's illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the <unk> paradox . [ <unk> ] says the following : I say two people who remember the same word . I say to you , `` Remember there 's a man called Baker . ''
That 's the last name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember , there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you `` Remember that word that I told you about a while ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity to remember -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , it does n't really mean anything to you .
All the other memories that dance through your head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know bakers .
They use white hats .
They have flour in their hands .
You know , when they come home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we did that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some back .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data dates back by 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's called the memory of the memory .
The story says like this : There was a poet called <unk> who went to a dinner party .
They had hired him as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't bring it to a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , he <unk> his memory poem , and left , and so soon he went , the hall of the dinner collapsed .
And by killing everyone .
But it did n't only kill everybody , but it shattered the bodies left .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
So they could n't tell the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only one survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting with every guest .
I took the family 's family 's family to where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What <unk> <unk> at that moment is something that we all know about more or intuitively intuitively , and it is that no matter if we 're not good to remember names or telephone numbers or instructions in the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial memory .
If you tell me that I 'm going to tell you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to get them very difficult .
But I would bet if you 're going to tell you who I was sitting on the horse <unk> in your lobby , you would be able to get them out .
The idea of the palace is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> of images with the things that you want to remember , the crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> and <unk> is the image , more haunting .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treated of memory , Latin .
And how does it work ?
So let 's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it memory , in the same way that it would have done Cicero if they were invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And we will come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , unforgettable image to help you remember the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and you can see the <unk> of the <unk> .
And that will remember you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to count .
And then they flow in the kitchen , and the fourth subject that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and you have some friends to help you remember it .
So it 's like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , who will confuse it , but typical per capita .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from Greek <unk> , which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` first , '' it would be like the first place in his memory palazzo .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got stuck with it .
I went to some of these memory memory , and I had the idea of writing a long thing about this competitive competitive subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an extraordinary event boring .
And seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets rid of the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I go to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old Chuck bought a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was entertaining .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just going to train memory .
What 's actually about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked through this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and <unk> glasses , leaving only two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before , had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory experiment .
I thought this could serve a good epilogue for my whole research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , which did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice power to memorize speeches and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but this is actually not the point .
These are just the tricks .
Because they 're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to build it from memory or memorize <unk> from cards , to benefit from cards and how their mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories educate .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus on deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make it <unk> .
It 's a kind of deep deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of us are n't going to get out there .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things are memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our cutting existence on the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks around our side . We 're going to be so compelling that we do n't even want to process deep processing ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person you remember to remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , and so we had only a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from 115 Jersey , I was six years old , and I lived there at my parents named <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there were all over the time watching TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody saw me , and every time I got bored and wrapped up in a towel , everybody saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
He hated that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , and of division zones , but of those gut connections , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we 're feeling that way , because according to the EPA Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof .
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture is determines in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what explains it , you think about power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know they 're thinking about that because they 're based on a building two thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable connection , and we 've used this trick for a long , long time ago .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , stable , solids , in the sea , far away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
People who build . <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and prefer to use ways that they know that they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a beautiful building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , he 's got a dome ; it 's got this round thing , columns , red brick , that they leave <unk> what <unk> is trying to communicate with this building : children , the values of ownership , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , was completed another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works by the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation , the architects constantly drive new technologies , new 145 , new solutions for life forms today .
We 're going to do it , we 'll force them and we 'll push them so much , we get away from people .
All of black , this gets depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have any other option .
We need to go on the other side and go back to connect with those symbols in appreciated .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all feeling like <unk> , so we started experimenting again , and we 're going to swing the pendulum back forward , over and over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It 's about the concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
And I <unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that we like and the <unk> .
We put neon and we add cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took cabinets , we made them <unk> , and we turned them into skyscrapers , that they can be able to be able to be able to be glass glass of glass made of glass .
The shapes were <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
We 've grown up as far as the size of the buildings .
insane .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spend time in commercial malls , we moved to the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
Maybe with endless <unk> of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we visualize memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we began to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s and in the early '90s , we started experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It 's going to take the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we find ourselves with new compositions -- some ways that will be attached to other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building was opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public generally agreed on a building .
The New York Times gave up this silver construction journal .
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media will come around them , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
Same mayors in the world did .
So everyone believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new millennium phenomenon happened with other star architects .
It happened to ozone and to Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually started to happen with all of architecture . The digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how to use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building .
The transport is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
<unk> technology . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we all are photographers in architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't just take a long time to think about a building .
You need a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and at that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before we know if what I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
<unk> was n't a two-year-old movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator revolution , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster , and it 's going to be on both extreme extremes , very simultaneous , and actually , the architects , between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make symbols almost <unk> , with emotional load of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire 's state .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was a part of the community , and as the drawings were just looked like the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you made from the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and it makes you <unk> with the collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has n't only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think about a second in these <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , first we went to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that can lead to the mayor of <unk> , <unk> people , and tell them that there are no unique response to what a library can be .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless audience who does n't embrace anything before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't usually leave to the architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find the right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
So this means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad mimic of red red brick based on ideas of what a stadium must be .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings will be transferred to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage garage in Miami , Florida , can also serve for a sport or yoga for yoga , or you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming on the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , no customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , as bully and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological , smarter and kinder buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you to want them .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings are not just reflecting our society , but they give it to the smallest spaces -- local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the bedroom of the bedroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and she started walking .
And he does it in that great , typical children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves her reflex .
It 's laughing and <unk> , and he gives herself the big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do this . And he made me think , when do you stop doing this ?
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , you just want to be loved and fit in .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little bit confused , because , despite his mom , he tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody tells you he 's ugly .
Among what his mom tells him , and what his friends , or classmates , say , does n't know who to believe .
So , a video of her herself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he says to others who please leave a comment , `` Am I nice or ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , that it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who receives these answers in one of their most emotionally vulnerable lives .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenagers trying to communicate in this way .
But what is it doing ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , `` I like , '' `` I like , '' by saying , commenting , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected , continuously , instantaneous , very young , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from your hand with that is ruthless .
This environment , whether it 's always connected to our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I love '' and the kinds of feedback that they get .
There 's no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is , or what it is not .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what it is true and what is manipulated digitally .
What 's the most prominent in someone 's life versus what 's normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kinds of images that are from the news news covers .
<unk> <unk> are still <unk> our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , it means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what the young people compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the superheroes of sports stars , and the singers .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , surely we want our kids to grow healthy and be individual individuals .
But in a very obsessed culture in the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to its appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of its physical capabilities , their studies and other ways they start to suffer .
Six in 10 girls , you prefer to do something because they think they do n't look pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for its growth as human beings and as a partnership to the field of working development .
31 percent , almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in the classroom arguments . They 're going to have to participate in the classroom discussions because they do n't want to call attention to their physical ways .
One out of five are not attending class at all during the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the tests season , if you do n't think you see you good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin , you 'll get a smaller note to the average of your fellow partners who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it turns out regardless of what these young people do .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about how you see , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on its body is <unk> academic achievement .
And it 's also health care .
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , they participate in more unhealthy diet , you can take them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're easier for people around them , and they 're at greater risk of depression .
And we think it 's all over this for what they make more far-fetched decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drugs , dramatic diet , aesthetic relationships , sex relationships at early ages and without protection and damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing to the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have any higher rates of payment .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel safe with the way you see .
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could get through this , what would that opportunity be ?
It 's going to take this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill in trust in its own body .
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the beautiful images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
And I was surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only have a positive impact , but it 's also an durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six things are crucial points of departure from any willing to provide an education in body self-worth to work .
An education is fundamental , but facing this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
defy the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to have the contribution of our politicians in slice of hair or the size of their breasts , or eventually that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people who are , not because they look .
We can all begin by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : `` When was the last time you 'd come up with a mirror ? ''
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow their whole person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We need to put people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
So we 're going to make a difference in the real world , let 's get them to be the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they believe that they 're never seen the <unk> of them who are , or to reach out what they want in their lives .
Think of what this can mean to someone in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
Would your wife ?
Your sister ?
Your daughter ?
Your niece ? A friend ?
Could it just be the woman who 's two seats away , what would it mean for her to her if it was released from that <unk> voice in his interior , that I 'm haunted by having no long legs , God thinner , a lighter belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her , if we were able to leave this and we would have licensed their potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us back to everyone .
But let our kids do the truth .
It tells you that the way you see is just a part of your identity , and the truth is we love them because of those who are and what they do , and because they make us feel .
They went to self-esteem in the rsums of our schools .
So let 's change each of us , the way we 're talking about and we compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the little <unk> of an age of age today will become agents of safe change tomorrow tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November five , 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the <unk> Rabbi <unk> , the leader of the <unk> Defense League .
And they were initially innocent initially , but being held by the other charges in the company of others , they started planning to plan attacks about 12 cones from New York , including tunnels , synagogues .
Luckily , those plans was taken by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the pump of 1993 in the World Trade Center , you could n't avoid it .
Later , <unk> would be convicted of their participation in that bomb attack .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being a Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , an American mother , elementary school teacher , between the two people made everything possible for me to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , including most Muslims , come to meet .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact with , it does n't require a lot to get to want the same things in life .
However , in all the religion , in every human group , there is always a little fraction of people who were <unk> so <unk> to their convictions who thinks you have to use all possible media so that they all lived like them .
A few months before he arrest him , he sat with me and explained that in the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going to shot training on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> shot that , without knowing our group , was standing in the FBI .
When I played my father , I helped hold the rifle on my shoulder and explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
And that day , with the last bullet I shot , I gave the little orange light on the goal , and for all of us , especially of mine , the whole goal burst on fire .
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Such a parent , such a son .
All of us , the comment were very happy . But just a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
They see in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting them up , they 're going on with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking lot in the northern Tower of the World Trade Center , and causing a blast that killed six people and hurt other 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' meaning it 's uncle .
When I turned 19 , I 've already moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do many friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable next to someone was just a moment of packing and going to another city .
As I was always the new side of the class that was often a victim of <unk> .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and a chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time was going on home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to speak very gently , and grow under <unk> , was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera , judging people , based on arbitrary indicators , like his race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they were testing my way of thinking , it was during the 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program where I participated at the National National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was going into the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something I felt quite passionate about .
The members of this group came from diverse backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I found that one of the kids who had made friendship , was Jewish .
And I took a number of days out of the light , and I realized that there was no animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and I felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that my whole life had made me believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job working , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had been taught that <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all the gay men were bad influences .
I happened to have a chance to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critics I 'd seen in life .
Growing up as a child , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
So I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that 's about being homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then the Daily Show came next .
Every night , Jon Stewart was making me intellectually honest about my <unk> , and helped me see that the race of people , religion , or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my centuries-old figure in a moment when I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , inspiration can come from unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my own life that my own father , extremist , was n't in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something that I keep in my heart forever , while she 's alive .
She looked at me with my eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , one day , who is about bringing to violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which even though I went to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't become a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do that by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and for the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has been produced in their lives .
By the victims of terrorism , I 'm going to talk , against those meaningless acts , like rejection to my father 's actions .
With this simplicity here as proof that violence is not an inherent religion or race , which children do n't have to follow the pathways of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you .
Right now there 's a film that is projected in their minds .
It 's an amazing film film .
It 's in 3D , and it 's got <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has scent , flavor and texture .
You feel your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moment of your childhood you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your stream of conscious thinking .
The heart of the film is you who experiences everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know that I have a conscience .
I do n't know that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If you were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , we will <unk> that vision .
psychology studied objectively today 's behavior , neuroscience is studying our brains objectively , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now it 's time for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic job I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work from neuroscience answers some questions that we want me to explain consciousness : questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the true central mystery of this matter : Why do we all physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective film ?
Right now , we ca n't understand .
And you can say , let 's give a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all kinds of emergent behaviors , how traffic traffic operates , how hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize the living organisms . They all are questions about the objective function .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we go , how we 're talking about , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a heart of heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> working . For a long time , I was hitting my head against the wall , looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms of physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations . We get used to this -- physics explains chemistry , the chemistry explains biology , biology explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to seat that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is sort of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need some radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at the beginning , we need ideas that at first start to deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for these crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Her crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem .
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do is explain the objective function , the behaviors of the brain , and that 's what all it needs to be explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist awareness based on the brain .
At the same time , for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time that 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as bricks : space , time and mass .
It was fundamental laws that govern them , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These basic laws and key properties do n't explain in terms of any more basic .
Instead , they 're considered fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of this , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , then applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas that you have , space , time , mass , load , then because of the logic of logic , you need <unk> .
The more natural it would be to attack itself as a fundamental brick , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens the path to scientifically direct manage .
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
Now , physicists do sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could integrate them into a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could implicit in a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan , '' by all , `` <unk> , '' every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , the mice , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish when he thinks , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , so no .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude feeling , subjective , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How would someone think such crazy ?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more continuous with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that we 're going to judge the thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's consciousness .
Digital <unk> , like a human being , complex consciousness .
Digital information : Simple consciousness .
Something really exciting is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the level of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to have to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible high degree of integration of information , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a kind of a kind of a integration of information integration is quite significant , a rather important degree of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of integration of information is less , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different awareness of zero .
In fact that a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
Now , physicists and philosophers have often been observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using lots of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality underlying the reality behind .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does fire come out ? ''
From the vision of the vision , the equations of physics can be left as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire into equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , vision , has the potential to <unk> our relationship with nature , and can have a fairly serious ethical and ethical consequence .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had consciousness , then I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think this is okay , I think this tends to transform your views , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral regards is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> . ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of information information , she has a complicated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are a really serious ethical problem about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of whole community consciousness , the planet .
Canada 's own consciousness ?
Or to a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience on a TED Talk , right now we have a TED conscience , an inner film for this whole TED group , different from the inner movies of each side ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you should take seriously .
So this <unk> vision is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually more confident than the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , that the second one , which is universal .
So vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and in philosophy .
We ca n't wait to resolve it overnight .
But I think we finally will be able to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the wrong idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a very low education profile .
I went to school , I 'm getting my friends with my friends , I 'm sticking to my friends .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to give him a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She does n't get anything done . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good notes . After the school , I had a <unk> profile on my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series , `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered if we take the disability out of the equation .
Years later , being in the second part of teaching in Melbourne 's high school , just after about 20 minutes at the next 11 minutes , a guy raised his hand , and he said , `` Hey , when will you give me your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for some good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheels , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the acts of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized : This kid had had experiences with disabled people as an inspiration .
And we 're not . It 's not the fault of the boy , which is , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage where I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid to bend dramatically .
I 'm not here to <unk> them .
I 'm here to tell you that they have lied relative to disability .
Yes , we have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , A for a capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make any remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You might have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before you leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , of the girl without drawing with a pencil , held by his mouth .
You may have seen a child who runs with <unk> carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term deliberately on a group of people to the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , let 's take the disabled people in the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad that my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times I have been intrigued by strangers to express that I 'm brave or an inspirational source , and this was going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was like if I got up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images we 're dealing with people with disabilities in a benefit from homeless people .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as disabled is really something difficult .
Let 's get some things out .
But the things that we do n't have are things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I 'm <unk> to the so-called social disability model , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited with it .
I need to do the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your capacity as well as you do it , and that 's what happens with children of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're simply using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to fit in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say to us , `` You 're an inspiration , '' it says as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lying , because we have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are n't I sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
Some other people with disability at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm smaller than them .
Now , I 'm an amazing idea to use a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue <unk> to pick up the things that fall down . I 'm a learner 's ingenious trick of how to load the phone phone battery into the battery of the chair .
Great .
We learn from the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the most injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's a lie is because it 's not true , because of the social social model .
A lot of smiles in front of a stretch of stairs has never done to become a ramp .
Never . Help a television screen will not make the subtitles for the deaf people .
It also does n't have a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and discovering a positive attitude to turn all those books into braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' -- do n't be considered not to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we have no low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're going to be able to get up with the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a child at 11 grade high school is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users .
Disability does n't make us quite a good thing , but question what you think about it is that it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional reality , with empathy ?
And what is the average velocity of a <unk> without charge ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'll just answer one of those questions , so please do n't get bored .
When people think augmented reality , he thinks in `` Minority Report , '' and Tom Cruise <unk> hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how did we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what a professional athlete is .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and know what 's running through the game of game to 160 miles per hour , the blood beating your ears .
We can know it feels like a 110 pounds of 110 kilos , trying to empathize with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
I 'm going to take some videos to show you what you 're using Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not the images of NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL technology is a sub going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . Let 's get a little bit out .
Are you ready ?
Come on !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that you lack people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> field : Mice 54 ! Mice 54 !
Blue 8 : Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about a feeling in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and have asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> .
Or a rider ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get in full ? How do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift Rift , which probably many you know .
The Rift Security has been described as the more realistic reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no . I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster for his life .
What 's going to be the experience of a fan when you put a video from Adrian <unk> across the line , <unk> with a <unk> with the arm before running and making a notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I could be used running through the court , launching the ball on the bottom of the network , or do you want to make a Wimbledon ?
What will your experience be when down a mountain at more than 100 miles per hour as an Olympic skier ?
Maybe they 're <unk> their infancy for adults .
But this is not yet augmented .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality ?
They give augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> had a <unk> to his <unk> field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the headset of the <unk> of the field and after the defenses .
They had more spectators , because it was faster , cooler .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next step in front of you in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing , you 're not going to have to worry about forgetting a touch .
or by <unk> strategy .
They just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches will , because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose parties as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is n't just a major strategies manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people below .
You also get information from the headset , and <unk> them , something you 're working on .
And all of that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know send it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to take good equipment from bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
What would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field of field .
And they 're going to take the ball and get it .
It took an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight , you 'll tell you that a defense behind you goes to <unk> . Usually , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system will remind you .
They 're going to get to the protection area .
Another flashlight is that there 's an open receptor .
Let 's take the ball down , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receptor sees in its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
He 's coming , it catches the ball , runs and record .
The public gets mad , and the fans have followed you from every angle .
This is something to create massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make a lot of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of sports because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I 'm asking you is , we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth of .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> , how harmful are their actions from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be pursued ?
How much is it also for a stressful Hadfield for a Hadfield or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of <unk> notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality comes up .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I was , recently , <unk> after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years I went to the southern end of the <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural architectural inspiring .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer head of building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical and unlikely .
But from his openness , more of 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as so , so that each one of it is released from all of your concerns and pain , and the waters that go underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free drop of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks bone , some of which <unk> organs .
Most people die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , usually they 're <unk> in the helpless water and then they suffocate .
I do n't think that the ones that we put on this method of suicide will realize that they 're going to be facing .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
This is where most people are in before they were taking their lives .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on the edge , and in their darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an official experiencing his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we had no formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was n't just a bad service to those who were going to commit suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans ' officials and psychologists train new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year by receiving a call from a single suicide subject sitting in the middle line .
<unk> , and when I came up , I looked at Jason talking with an officer of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was 32 years old , and I had flown up to here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up here twice before from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , we asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created <unk> , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
And she came out of pests , sorrows , and all sorts of evil against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
And a few points , he leaned on to the right , and it went .
This kind of nice , smart guy in New Jersey had just taken the life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
Bad damage of suicide affect a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or somebody beloved suicide ?
What would you say ?
Let 's tell you what to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just speak , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
You do n't mean , you know , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think somebody 's suicide , you do n't fear <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Other in similar circumstances , have you ever thought about your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They put the person in front of it can save the life and be the tipping point for them .
Other signs of looking for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it , it 's a recent social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go on a bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of realizing what Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the gun of 49 his father on the 19th of January .
It never came there .
I called the police of <unk> and reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officials came to my house , and they reported that the car 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness I had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the afternoon before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before wrong without having a real mental illness ?
It 's not to be that easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a ticket through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and travel the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio called a radio call by a possible suicide officer on the sidewalk near the north tower .
<unk> my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , they crossed the railing immediately , and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
During the time and half the next time , I heard how Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided for her account to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , I 'll <unk> it .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did he make you back and gave her to hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard .
You 'd been talking , and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> it .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , nothing erase the 11 March events , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin is following us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
He 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been correctly correctly .
She brought Kevin when I was only six months , completely unconscious from all those traits <unk> , but thank God , now we know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We give God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's General <unk> Hospital that night , you 're going to be like the patient .
`` Wow , I did have to solve . ''
Currently , Kevin is a loving father and a active limb .
It talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , stealing the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , would n't think they hurt another person .
They just want their own pain to end .
Typically , this is done only in three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and death calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who spoke about an hour .
For that time , I 'm holding my hand on three times .
At the end end , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people we get to contact with that bridge , not kill themselves .
Also , those few that have jumped out of the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they lay on the side they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everybody and each of us must work for us to do .
suicide can prevent .
There 's help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you what you 're not , but inside you know what you are , and a question is , how do you become that ?
I should be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , I 'm not alone .
When I became a model , I felt that finally , I had gotten the dream that I had since .
My outside finally , I would get my inner truth inside , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , you know , you 've got it up , you get it , you got .
But last October , I found that I 'm just starting .
We all <unk> our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some have the value of liberation , to get rid of the limitations of the skin by the skin color or the beliefs that surround us .
These are people who always defy the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called a revelation .
This is mine .
They recorded me as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genital .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always get that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how <unk> .
Gender has always been considered <unk> , but now we know that , really , is something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to tell you to share my story , not because I thought I 'm going to be bad , but how the world is about those of us who want to break free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , Dad and a family who would accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines of these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something got me wrong : This is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when he was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty contest .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was responsible for her fees 's fees and on the costumes , and that night , I won in a bathroom , won in a <unk> suit and became third candidate over over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , it was within the world of <unk> beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was queen of transgender women 's beauty , but I can .
I also met the goddess of young people , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more important than that , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , was called me and told me that passed my green card that I could go to live to the United States .
I stood .
I told my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` Do you know if you 'd go back to the United States , you can change the name and gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two of my name .
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities , make the most sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
In the United States , it was necessary to do the surgery before the name and the gender .
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name of <unk> and `` F '' of gender gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , to be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who lived his truth , but <unk> , put back to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live in .
Our rates of suicide are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 , we do a global vigil on the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood up to injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day no more than 20 of November 20 .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you .
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first of all my blessings .
My support network , my parents , especially , to my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times that I 've been to trans young women , I 've been looking at , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I took the phone , she 'd call my mom and say , `` Mommy , you can call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we were all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that task does n't block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be one .
There should be space for curiosity and asking questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents are generally known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign by education defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts were promoted in 2011 , by <unk> the Peace Peace Prize , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I am now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when at birth of a girl , their birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcome , not by his father , not by his mother .
The neighborhood comes , day their <unk> , and no one 's going to tell the father .
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl .
When it gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , he <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines her third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the newly born daughter , when it grows , suffers from too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , she stays at home and a school admits of their brothers .
Until age 12 , somehow , it 's a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move around the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , he 's banned from your house without a male companion .
It 's confined to the four walls of his house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family and his family , and if you were to remove the code of that honor of that honor , he could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this honor code , not only does the life of a girl , also affecting the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of their life and the happiness of their sisters in the name of honor .
And there is one more norm of the patriarchal societies which is called obedience .
A good girl must be very , very humble , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepting the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who do n't like or if you marry an old man , it has to embrace it , because they do n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If the very young marry , it has to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` <unk> , <unk> , and then gives birth to more sons and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson as their daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children .
And this vicious circle continues and continues .
And I was born brothers and sisters , when they were born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked in his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And a lot before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated with a legendary <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , everybody was men , and I grabbed my pen , and I took a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might wonder , why should I mention the admission of a girl in a school ?
Yeah , I should mention that .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for the child 's life .
<unk> at a school means the recognition of his identity and its name .
One school admission means that it has entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I got the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember family 's family .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could not give to my sisters and his daughters , I thought he had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
I 'll sit down with me when my friends came to me .
He encouraged me to go with me at different meetings .
And all these values , I 've tried to get into their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> .
I 've happened all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used the education for the emancipation .
He taught my daughters , he taught the students , to forget the lesson of the obedience .
He taught the students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
I had been brothers and sisters , fought for more rights for women , and fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all the political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned going to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the girls <unk> and the singers .
<unk> millions , but a few of them spoke , and it was terrifying to have all around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , <unk> got up and pulled by the right to education .
He wrote a daily BBC journal , he offered her for the New York Times documentaries , and he spoke on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's called a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could n't tolerate the campaign and October nine in October of 2012 , they shot <unk> in the head .
It was a day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered to her ear to my wife , `` Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And he said , `` Please , you do n't get bored .
Let 's take the right cause .
They 're going to spend your life on play because of the truth , because of the cause of peace , and because of the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and join you .
Both of them were on the right path and God will protect them . ''
These few words would be very much for me , and I did n't come back to ask questions again .
When I was in the hospital , I had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was bent through my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm fine with my smile and my face in my face .
I 'll be okay . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we were terrified .
And we 've been brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women , it 's like any <unk> girl .
He 's crying when she did n't end up .
They fight with her siblings , and I 'm very happy about it .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has made so bold to have so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't know what I did .
I did n't cut his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> by the brain about 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> to my office and Google <unk> , but all the work that I 'm talking about today about brain science , I did n't before join Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Are you still being equal or not ?
Is it not going to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead sticky of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide what amount to take , from more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , it would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations of combinations and mix in chemicals , and try to get around , to stay alive .
More than one time I have saved .
But luckily , I have <unk> soul , so I decided that I would experience to try to get the <unk> dose because there really does n't really exist a clear map that will tell you about <unk> .
I started to test with different mixtures , and I was shocked by seeing how small changes in the doses changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way to think , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I did , for a few months , and regular chemicals , I was surprised to see how I changed my thoughts .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I believed that I was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met a number of different types , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out like an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to be trying to be so insecure , to fix a problem that was in front , and it just did n't happen like this .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and about what they have to go through . I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do , by setting those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , was to get my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my key reference point : how do you get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want , and new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes see things like similar .
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing .
There are the people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works , to me is simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to the <unk> and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have already lots of great , very great , <unk> , very <unk> , <unk> , very <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images , my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a filmmaker could be able to use their imagination just to address the world that 's at the front ?
Or if a musician could get the music from your head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can share with the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments that we 've done by two groups leading up in neuroscience .
They both used MRI , an MRI image of functional MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The engineering column shows the brain scan of that same individual as being imagined , seeing that same image .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the contents of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost <unk> .
This is <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert your brainwaves into recognizable visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were attached to create a great set of reactions in the brain in the video footage .
And then I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as you get into a new scan .
The computer , using just brain information from the scan to show you what it looks like that the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the ego of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This left us .
We 're very close to doing that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's believed in the brain the same mapping .
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of higher resolution today , and their resolution has increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution to a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and you 'll introduce electrodes .
I 'm not giving you for that .
Many of them are proposing new techniques of projection by images , even I . Tell me with the recent result of MRI , we have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the path ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets more importantly , only provide small improvement in resolution , no gains for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of smaller magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most recent advances in <unk> of ingenious , brilliant solutions on coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and user radio frequency in the MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a broken magnetic field , we use structured structured magnetic patterns to the FM radio frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the pattern of FM radio frequencies , we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I 've mentioned , and perhaps even direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas together directly into the digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling used as a tool to amplify our thought skills and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could take the cure of Alzheimer 's and diseases .
We have a few more choices to open this door .
So anyway , take a year , take a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it will take much more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you this evening about the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet is probably telling you for some person for the first time that loves her or telling someone who 's pregnant , or telling someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you 've ever gone through in life .
Every closet is a difficult conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of I 've lived and have come out of that closet is something universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side of <unk> <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't hold my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> dangerous as a litany .
And I 'm going to be out of the slope of my short pants , and I 'd get my head on my head , I was just going to ask myself , `` Hey , you 're a kid or girl ? ''
And it would appear like a uncomfortable silence on the table .
I put my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launch a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and <unk> inside .
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
It would be that difficult conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into female affairs at the table . I had the dates of Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem .
Even one fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' show .
So take a deep breath and I went off and I went off and my back a little girl in four years with a pink dress , looking at me who is not a challenge for a feminist grieving , just a girl with a question : `` Are you boy or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , I got rid of it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the little hair like a boy , and I saw baby clothing , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama .
Well , I 'm more from the kind of girl of a comfortable pajama . ''
And that little girl stares at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and he has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just said , `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the hardest conversation that I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , both of us were honest with each other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbows .
But within the dark , you ca n't know what color the walls are .
You just know how one feels like living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Now , surely , I 'll give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet , was harder to get out of his , but this is the thing : how hard is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to somebody who has declared on banking banking is harder to tell him that they 've been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that story is harder than to tell your five-year-old than you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the difficult thing .
We need to stop classify what 's difficult for us to make it difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can make them feel security , or at least more security than it gives you the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and high-heeled shoes .
It was not militant staff for any child to fight any four year-old four year-old .
I was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and moving only one muscle is the most scary one I ever had .
My family , my friends , complete strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint you , and now the world turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , you 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable achievements was on my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many among guests knew that he was gay , and by doing my Lady of honor , in my black dress and heels . She walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents , people who I knew were doing years ago .
And after talking , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` <unk> , ever were you at Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never been there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my Antonio Antony ?
It 's very good and never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Are our favorite program ? Will and Grace ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but hopefully I 'm waiting for her support , to get me to know that I was from my side , finally said to <unk> , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as they have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to tell where you felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do they work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for what you get .
It 's just like the hard conversations continue to be my strong point .
Ask anyone who 's gone out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> .
Now , please look at this through gay perspective , but understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
You 're carrying armor . Be your own .
That little girl in the coffee did n't have armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just fix it .
If you know they 're gay , <unk> .
If you say their parents that maybe they could be gay , they 'll maintain the hope that that could change .
They wo n't give them a sense of hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- let the complex leave .
You communicate your truth .
You would never be distracted by that .
And some of you can get wounded , you can get rid of what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you may be disappointed , but that something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not from you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet , <unk> a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the history of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a sub can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critical scientist to computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Take a step back .
First let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're an alien race , that they do n't know about the biology of Earth or the neuroscience of Earth , but have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , to Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're an alien race that does n't know about this , that does n't have any concept about intelligence on the Earth , they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain moment , the asteroids that are going to take on the surface of a planet mysteriously -- they stop doing it .
And so I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I conducted a few years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , across various disciplines , which pointed , I think , to a single underlying device of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately based on the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we 're going to define the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to maximize complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and <unk> together , asked , for several years : Is there an underlying device for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = <unk> for intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which is acting in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keep the open options , with a T force , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending future , tau time .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to stay stuck .
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open options .
And so , in mind this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Did you give up the level of human intelligence ?
Do you build artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , I 'm going to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more clutter , or `` entropy , '' in their life , should be able to have more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is going to have a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually it 's directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in the way that you find it in .
Remarkably , <unk> could go through multiple animal intelligence tests , play games of human intelligence , and even winning money trade , all of it without them to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling over , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it to a goal .
He just decided he 's able to balance the pole .
This ability to balance is going to have applications for robotic robotics and human assistance technologies .
This tool capability will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by some other animals from a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can perform a version of the model of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So for example , here we see this successfully playing a real pong game of real language , and we 're seeing its potential for play .
Here we 're seeing <unk> new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly segregated and keeping the net successful network .
This same power capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to expand the world 's scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in problems in autonomous defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discovering and run a strategy of <unk> , <unk> into a simulated series of actions of actions , successfully increasing assets under its management .
This risk management ability will have huge applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all flow from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term the term `` <unk> '' work ; there was always the concept that if we were smart machines , there would be cyber rebellion .
The machines went up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion in the reverse .
It 's not that machines first become smart , and then they 'll try and try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the momentum of taking control of all future possible futures is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than being the other way around .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal .
And they often ask me , `` How do you look for goals about this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , this is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between conquest of the stars and losing the planet that we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe .
Now , NASA 's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points that Earth is only one between the billions of our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope which measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
Data gathered by Kepler showing the sizes of planets besides the distance , and their mother star .
And together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are tiny and rocky like the planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
In year 2014 was the hottest warmer record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia , are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused on a global scale have passed away from our ability to change its course .
But I 'm not a scientist for the weather , no astronomer .
I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You might say that I look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more we look for planets like Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world that was shown by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study both to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' track its surface to track the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their <unk> .
Companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the prospect of living on Mars .
But despite all these <unk> images , you remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked into our imagination with <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have to colonize , places you 're actually comparing to Mars .
Even in the most dry and higher dry places on Earth , air is cool and filled with <unk> oxygen by our tropical forests .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets , and there 's a huge and grim shadow : the implication and the belief and the belief in some that Mars would expect to save ourselves of the only planet that we know is truly livable , the Earth .
So for a lot that I like exploration , I 'm in a deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity , it 's like to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will have place later on the life of life . Thank you .
But the goals of the exploration of <unk> exploration is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like alien aliens .
They 're just closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain spaces , these hostile and inhospitable areas of land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment : paradox of Fermi .
A lot of years ago , Enrico Enrico asked by physicist Fermi : considering that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope there were a lot of planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution at Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider following the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're going to use this development .
Now , it 's arrogant to think that only we can save ourselves from ourselves , but planetary preservation and <unk> exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to address the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the <unk> task even easier for the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'm going to run my own home .
And as I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were at the dining table , where I had left them .
So quick , I tried to open all the other gates and windows , and they were all well closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cellphone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend 's friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe , the next morning , and I <unk> my passport and my suitcase .
They 're expensive , but I 'm sure not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was fine standing .
I 'm a profession for a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that increases your heart rate , <unk> your adrenaline levels and <unk> the thought .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , to avoid that bad things happen .
Or at least , if it happens bad things , that you will get the probability of a catastrophic catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts would not exist .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the winner of the Nobel Prize , and a bit embarrassed , he talked about he broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared my passport with me that I 'd been practicing something called <unk> <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years earlier , known as the <unk> .
You all know what <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things on it , or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not that evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
At the house , you 'll get a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where it 's the good , where the fish , that places the <unk> trees and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> in the London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone actually did the experiment , they cut the sense of <unk> , and they still could find their nuts .
They were not using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move too much .
This is the reason for losing keys , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , I 'm going to run a place for keys , a hook along the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For his passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you put a place and you 're getting them through it , you 'll always be there when you 're looking for them .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card license , license driver , passport , <unk> by email themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , it can facilitate the substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
Your cortisol is toxic .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help you with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this would be used as a <unk> for all of the medical decisions , and in fact to make the financial decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take from what would benefit an rational assessment of the facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've received the lab result and cholesterol is a little high cholesterol . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease , attack your heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard about the <unk> , and you know , it 's one of the most prescription drugs in the world today . Even you may know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that should be asked for the most doctors do n't want to talk , and pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number necessary .
And what is this , <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or have a surgery in any medical procedure before you can help a person .
And you have to think about what kind of statistic <unk> is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't get me to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't really understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most highly prescribed <unk> , what do you think ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research of the researchers to doubt <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I am exploring the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to lower my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more question , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , side effects produce five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating muscle and articulate pain , GI pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is n't very likely to happen to me , still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
So remember , low stress do n't think of clarity .
So think about how you 're going to deal with time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped them , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to be harmed by the drug that you can help your drug .
I do n't say they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say they must have this conversation with your doctor .
Healthcare ethics requires it , it 's part of the principle of informed consent .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
And you 're probably thinking that I 've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash , but actually this necessary number that we need to try is quite typical .
For the surgery that 's done more than it is done in the older men in 50 , the prostate of prostate cancer , the number you need to try is 49 .
So this is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include impotence or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , probes , fecal pathways .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just than a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before time the questions that you can argue about the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice for a lot of times , they want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about their family and their loved ones .
You can change their minds in the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they go off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face with a predator , you know , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism on those things , it does n't react fast . It might be the lunch of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future of these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are faulty .
We 're all going to fail occasionally .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be , to put systems in the place that will help us minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad stuff in the first place .
I went to the snow night in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a combination of combination along the door , with a key to the front door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of messages of email I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` dreaming '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means very gently .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a <unk> on the score , you need to touch gently softly .
Two ' dreams , even more soft .
Four ' dreaming , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a tree ' tree , and there you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of the term may have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the 1950s , and over time , he mixed up with local signs , and the language we 've developed today as <unk> .
So it 's a story about 200 years old .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I realize it 's not true for nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and standards without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my loudspeakers and they amplify sound .
And I 'm learning and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise to eat the potato chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you 're not sure enough to scratch the covered in the dish . ''
This is all called the sound tag .
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm a <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for a nervousness that I 'm going to come next .
Hence , this drawing .
<unk> , by deciding .
It 's going to be able to go ahead .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that the <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In deaf culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> . ''
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to make it with my thumb , it does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I 've only got four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend and that struck me .
There was no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now the sound has come in my art territory .
Am I going to know me more about art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not just experienced by the ears .
I can feel it accurately or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had taught me in sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
On the bottom of my mind , I always felt that sound was alien , it was something from a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that it might be <unk> to me and my artistic job , or I could empower it .
I chose it to be <unk> .
There 's a massive culture around the language of talking .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as to become my voice .
So I am able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , I 'm going to ask for <unk> their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I 'm not going to continue on this practice , I feel that I could get it on oblivion and not have any social value .
So , with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between the music and the <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and to express fully on paper .
And the same thing can be said about a concept in <unk> .
The two are very <unk> and highly <unk> what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , to understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> is dividing in many different <unk> parameters .
If you assigned a different parameter for each finger while the piano plays , like facial expression , the body 's movement , the speed , the form of your hand , and the English is a linear language , as if it was only one key at once .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need 10 fingers on the same time to express a concept of clear or idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> . ''
This is the `` <unk> on that . ''
I 'm looking at you .
You try out .
Oh , I 'm <unk> .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at it through the lenses of music ?
If I had to create a sign and put it over and again , it might be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and gets .
This is all day .
If you go through it and slow the speed , it visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like the same thing can say from all night .
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third one has more than the other two .
This represents how long the time is expressed and how the distance into the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So the first example is , `` A long time ago . ''
Then , `` Last '' -- `` <unk> '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea once , `` Once there was once . ''
`` Time for common '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically in the same time .
See <unk> : Right hand , E : your left hand .
We have <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ 2 : <unk> : <unk> , flashlight ] [ Time ] [ Time ] : E : E , a flashlight ] -- I 'm going to show you a form of hand called `` The flashlight . ''
Can you do that with me ?
Every single hand .
Now we 're going to do it as much in my head as a chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very good .
That means `` <unk> '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and language languages worldwide .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
We 're going to do three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` illumination . ''
Good job .
You see how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and the chest , but they carry very different meanings .
It 's incredible to see how <unk> is alive and prosperous , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And only because the <unk> does n't have sounds , it automatically does n't have social value .
We need to start questioning what defines social value and allow them to grow their own value , no sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> . You do n't have to hear about learning music .
<unk> is a treasure rich and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language .
And you never know , they can fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say , `` You can get it all over , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination was led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance I should say , because adults would lie to protect us from horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that adults too , and they 're not very good at all the other .
The time happened , now I 'm an adult and teach citizenship and invention in the <unk> school of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , cleaned up the beaches , not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't get it .
It 's sad to say , but today , more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been getting out with these large ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and the classify and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those enormous boats .
So together with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream with inventing a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We 're starting to build this labor table with <unk> <unk> so that the kids very <unk> can also participate in .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it the size we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
We do that .
I 'll leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to get it into something that we hope to work .
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just information that we 've got information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about the robots .
Then we quickly created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in creating prototypes that we ended up before .
And we just transformed light bulbs and chambers on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the image of the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measuring the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
And I 'm going to take this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called <unk> , with hope that someone will get even more .
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to figure out the answer .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very informed kids .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you get bored with this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised , because this is the water that you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they are caught , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil also are brown , and when it all mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a very first prototype of a beard that can light through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help to identify what 's in the water .
We got this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity in order to help other kids remotely .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that triggered various giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed various cities on the coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear station nearby to the water .
And today , according to the reports on the average of 300 tons , you are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of <unk> pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation in Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've returned to Fukushima every year from the crash and researching other scientists with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring kids .
Of course , we did n't take them , the parents did n't afford it .
But every night we informed the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with her entire life .
Together with them , we discussed the data that day , and we talk about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the lift map , we 've introduced pigments to represent real time of radioactivity , <unk> water to simulate the rain .
We were able to notice that radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain into the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the nearest to the nuclear power to date .
We get up to a mile of nuclear power , and with the fishermen 's help , we went out , we went collecting sediments from the sea bed with a tracking tracking tracking that we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the harm we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom became so small so much , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost all over there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with adult help , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age transforming their standard wheels in new electric vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientific , <unk> , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people , and so it can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two <unk> domes , two radically opposite cultures .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of the silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One over the environment , the other thing creates .
One is designed by nature , the other thing .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fights being free .
<unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information that was required for every cell to work and replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and production production .
The assembly lines have been dictated by a world made of parts of course , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as <unk> of discrete parts .
But you do n't find out of smooth material in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins on the back are thicker with little pores .
You act mainly as filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there is no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary gradually its functionality through resource variation .
Here 's a split display that represents my view of the world divided , the <unk> personality of every designer and an architect to work at the time between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere , and the right , analysis and synthesis , is shown on the two screens after me .
My work , in its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions in the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : why now ?
Why was n't it possible for 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where you get four disciplines that offers access to access to the tools that we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my students ' hands .
We design objects , products and structures and tools through scales , large scale , like this robotic arm with a span of 24 meters in diameter with a better basis that some day not to print entire buildings , to print entire buildings , and graphics at the nanoscale made genetically modified buildings that shine glow in the dark .
So here we have <unk> the grassland , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where each aperture is <unk> to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion fashion fashion in Paris with <unk> <unk> . It 's like a second skin made of a single piece , <unk> on the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with <unk> 3D printing , we printed this layer and 3D skirt without between cells . I 'll show more objects like that .
This helmet combines and soft materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of an <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , it allows you to design products that will not only be the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at both structural , comfortable and also absorbs sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , went back to nature to be inspired , and by designing this pattern of <unk> surface , becomes <unk> .
It 's going to go through this surface of 44 different properties , which vary on stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , varies its functionality by addition to another material addition to other assembly or other assembly , but continuously continuously .
But is the ideal nature ?
Is n't there parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them became , and he came to define a lot of what I really care about .
As she <unk> , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
All the tree was a piece of fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The earth created a world made of parts .
I often ask , `` What would be the design if the objects were made of a piece ?
Would you take a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of a tree of the tree <unk> with fruits , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons , each year by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it a legal thing . We asked a lot of shrimp hulls , the <unk> and produced paste paste .
We have chemical concentrations , we 've been able to make a wide range of properties , from dark , hard , opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it built a system with multiple vials of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could change the properties of the material about the march and create these structures made of a single material that is a half a material long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry to find a natural form of contact with air .
So why do we continue to design with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the process of printing was used for <unk> microorganisms that first appeared on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we 're designed genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make its transition without a mesh box , and if grows even more , to windows .
A black tree is thrown from fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little synthetic biology , we have transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed to biodegrade , on the sea , <unk> marine life ; and placed on the ground , help grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration to our next design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we should master bacteria and control their flow .
So like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made <unk> and <unk> form .
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> precious metals , new biological functionalities in very small channels within very small channels .
This field is called this field .
We 're going to build our own 3D channels to control the flow of these bacterial bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lived in the human intestine .
It turns the light into sugar , the other use sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help you flow these bacteria and that they will turn their function on .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , we 're putting the properties of the material according to desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , <unk> channels more transparent .
This wearable digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , <unk> 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as hopefully at TED , our first wearable bunker , the bright liquids channels with our clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're last fashionable creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increases living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that will alter our skin , will lay down the damaged tissue and hold our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
It 's always to go back to nature .
So now , you know , a 3D printer prints material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It grows . It grows with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home in which it will be completed .
<unk> manufacturing is going on to this level of sophistication .
It does it by combining two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
It acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers together .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first turns on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then he starts getting up a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in one material .
In order to better understand how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , on the line .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not in a box , we realized that you 're looking at a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , a different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
It 's often <unk> the silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid of and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates we can shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
They 're <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climb this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot by making silk templates , and we put ourselves in our site .
We knew that the silk worms are going to be more dark and cold areas , so we use a solar path diagram to reveal the distribution of light and the heat in our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
We 're going to do 4,000 silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after four weeks , they were ready to get up with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , threw eggs , and life starts again , like us , but much more , much shorter .
Dr. Fuller said that tension is the big integrity , and he was right .
When you get rid of biological silk , <unk> silk , globally , give all this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , 4,000 silk worms are mixing up 4,000 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
The moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here 's the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full empty .
If the last frontier of design is to give you life to products and the buildings around us , to form a ecology of two materials , the designers have to bring together these two visions of the world .
Which leads us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which leads us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of the design that requires us for us , for the first time , that we do in charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you ever asked them , `` What do you want to be ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time ?
You can touch it with fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be ? ''
They 've caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , killing them and art and I could websites . Also , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , having spent a lot of time and energy and money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is not a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I went through something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get into it , and I 'm going to get into it , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found myself , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave you .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure about how it was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and let me go back to <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me for nothing .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or to my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have asked myself .
Ask yourself , where you learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned it from culture .
And you 're asking yourself , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they were at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to provoke the kids like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
And I 'm going to take the suit of Halloween here .
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in various forms , the dreaming , of course , to high school students , ask you to pick up in college .
And at some point , what do you want to be more ?
It 's going to be the cute exercise before what the sleep takes us .
Why ?
Now , while this question inspired kids to dream with what might be , does n't inspire dreaming of everything they could be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond with 20 different things , even if adult adults might be able to laugh and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he is a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Sufi Amy was converted into <unk> , entrepreneur , a teacher and creative principal .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is a very idealized notion in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to be interested in for your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What happens if there are a lot of different themes that wake up and so many different things that you want to do ?
There is no place for someone like you in that frame .
And so you can feel it alone .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And feeling there is something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with a lot of creative interests and activities .
It 's a breath in that .
It could help if you split in three parts : multiple and potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms of the same idea as a scholar , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was okay with multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You 'll get any term you like or <unk> yourself .
I think it seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you have to beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers <unk> .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization of data , travel , math and design , when they found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired .
A <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea by his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where the new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points of an intersection .
The second <unk> <unk> is fast learning .
When we 're <unk> ourselves , we 're going to that .
We looked at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , for having been many times in the past , and this means that we 're less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new zone that we pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
As a pianist refined an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> <unk> .
Before I become a writer , <unk> was a planner .
He had to learn the fine sales mechanics when their practices began , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to be able to have what you 're attracted to , even if at the end of it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is the adaptability . That is the ability to transform anything that you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other people , a web designer , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes it seems , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it makes a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
The <unk> Company Magazine defines adaptability as the most important skill for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be used to meet the needs of the market , we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept at , and three skills you could lose if they 're a pressure to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging them to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional problems , and we need creative creative thinkers to cope with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They came up with the belly , knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing bad in you .
In fact , some of the best teams are made up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that are connected to how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , most of them are encouraging them to just become more like their own specialized fellow .
I once said this , if there 's one thing that you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : You know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to get it through all the media .
That 's where you will give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those that you 've just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , `` You know , you know , with their many passions .
They follow his curiosity in the rabbit <unk> .
Let 's get rid of intersections .
We turn our inner branch into it , it leads us to a more authentic and happier life .
And perhaps most important , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year Libya , a woman called <unk> led to a psychiatric institution in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
He did n't know how to help <unk> them , but he would get it up until , unfortunately , in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange plates on the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help than she gave him 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. Alzheimers disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Of course , medicine has advanced progress .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from infections , a lot of treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs for HIV , <unk> and more .
But it has been done on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade ago .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up until about 85 or more , you might have Alzheimer 's will be almost one in two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that you have to spend their years from now with Alzheimer 's or helping take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's costs to cost 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spending in Alzheimers disease .
It 's the most expensive disease today , and its costs required a five times in 2050 , as the generation of the boomers get older .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation .
But it has been relatively little done to fight .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death across the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow down .
We understand fewer than Alzheimer 's disease , because we 've spent less time and money in the research itself .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a similar year deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everyone should be : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , all of us , even scientists , with aging Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only one looking at a picture of a healthy brain compared to a Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to spark a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's significantly life , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and it gets strange in the <unk> brain , a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds like an origami .
There are places in the paper that are being hacked .
And when it folds right , these double points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of their time points stay outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form big plates and throw it out .
That 's what we see in patient patients ' brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and identifying what step block is complex , like a bomb .
So , you know , a cable could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that 's blocked and then creating a drug that makes it .
Until recently , in its most part , the wires and expected .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , physicists , physicists , mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our last results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's look at a few videos of what happened to test these drugs in maggots .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see they 're moving normally .
These maggots , on the other hand , have a protein molecules that make each other inside of them , like humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this sample that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to win Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we try , we can <unk> them .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have more research and mapping pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment at the end of the 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to defeat the cancer .
But Alzheimer 's often ca n't talk about themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers from their loved ones day and night , are often too excited to go out and advocate for the change .
So it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
There are 40 million patients as <unk> , which can not create the change that they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times in the New York Times , in January of this year .
In love with someone , I do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience to prove it myself as a night of last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers will be used to get 36 and more personal questions , and then they both look at the eyes without talking about four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd go to another person ?
And just ?
And you think it 's going forward , these are getting more personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you like about him or she , I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you have n't met .
When I first came across this study a few years ago , a really detail really struck me , <unk> that two of the participants had married six months later and invited to all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I was trying to test this study , with someone I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I sent it to the Modern Love to Modern .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you probably wonder : they still go together ?
And the reason I think you challenge this is because I 've done this question over and over over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
One week before the paper was published , it was very nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been told to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times is probably a thousand views .
And that found a very good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he got , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened on my blog trafficking .
And on Sunday , I had already called the Today 's Today and the Good <unk> America .
In one month , the article got more than eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster the confidence writing honestly about themselves about own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , they did first the same question : still still together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Are still following together ? ''
And several messages came away immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , <unk> where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international day , you should expect people to feel comfortable by asking about it .
But I was n't prepared for the span of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to be alive to their own lives .
In fact , the New York Times posted a complementary article that included the experiences of the readers to try the study on them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very secretive with my own relationship .
I said not every request that we both did a public emergence together .
<unk> TV interviews , and he refused for photos of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range of the range that I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : whether it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , love <unk> .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt about everything that people made the wrong question .
How would we know if we would follow if we would follow together or not , and then they would tell you ?
If the answer was no , would you make the experience of doing these 36 questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 . And there , the research goal was not producing romantic love .
Instead , it was sought to foster interpersonal approach between college students , using what Aron called the <unk> staff of sustained , progressive and reciprocal .
It sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were very close to doing so , and several studies later , several studies also used the <unk> <unk> protocol of Aron as a fast way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They have used it between the police and the community , and they 've used it from people of opposite political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately , he never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk on a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and he said to me with shyness : I 've tested the study and it did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I said , `` Do you mean that you would join the person who did you ? ''
Well , he paused .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , `` But became better friends ? ''
Do you feel that they did have gotten better better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the studio for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was virtually my whole adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I pushed into science .
I did all I was able to find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that I would kind of feel like the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this in the moment I thought I just did research for the book that I wrote , in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I felt like I was then .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another .
I 'm more relaxed with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see myself more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably to demand me .
What I 'm looking for of love is a guarantee , not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow , but to remain love by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee of people asking when they wanted to know if they were still together .
The story that media said about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to have a way to mitigate some sense of implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story version of the story : still still together ?
And its content with an answer or no .
So more than a question , would propose that we make questions harder , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do we know when to cut and distance away ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with your partner doubt ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of the story of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known one , and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still follow .
But in love , it 's not the same as staying in love with .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article I wrote : love did n't happen .
We fell in love with it because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit by reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered anything that was supposed to be .
It did n't consider how many times we have to make that decision , and how much times I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always got to choice or not .
I want you to be enough to have done and responded 36 questions , having chosen to love someone so generous and kind and fun and have expressed that election in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life seeking is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to be implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I actually did not write .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone , and hope that he will also love me , and it 's frightening , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbian in full mountain , and I kind of arrived like a <unk> of the forest .
Something that was really affected by the city of New York a time ago , which really hit me but more detail later on .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a box of wood , and I took a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought , some strange humanoid humanoid or a aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and I 'm going to tell you how our species are going to be able to take , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's funny , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At a given moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go on an excursion and surf and all those strange things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took off all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> , and I was able to Agnes Martin Martin and a bee covered and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and he 's pushing them to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened , in some ways it seemed to be growing up as a little bit of size , as if you 're going to paint the text on a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I could find out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that God I can draw in space .
I can flow off , draw them just like a body on the crime scene .
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , the botanical -- the ones that you might be able to get a sense of .
Then I did some insects and strange creatures .
It was very fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in human form , sculptures of natural size resin with drawings of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : he died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass sheets , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together , and they had a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my artwork , with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For a triptych , I was inspired by a great measure in `` The <unk> of affluence '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of their time .
Well , `` triptych . ''
It weighs 11 pounds .
Five feet long .
It has double face , so it 's about 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the lobsters .
There 's a cave where all of these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this underworld of analog mesh where they hide .
This is where the creatures with the heads of animals are headed to the beacon , lists for <unk> mass in the ocean .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham : It 's in the sea ; that 's the climbers -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> -- the <unk> , Osama bin Laden , there 's all sorts of strange things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
However , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and he spits out oil in one hand while the other hand comes out .
Their hands are like <unk> and it seems like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go on the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail , a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail turn on fire by <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why it is .
Things that go , you know .
His tail ends up in an eye balloon of <unk> in 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards in the terrorists .
And it brings me to the last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of a file in the form of being human , and they travel in clusters of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk in between them . I 'm getting years .
Each one is basically a <unk> microscope , which weighs 1,300 pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This has a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can get rid of it .
I 'm going to join with the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and it 's covering the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher refresher , because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body on half .
This has two heads , and they 're communicating between the two .
There 's some pills coming out and they go into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside of the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called <unk> <unk> .
Within this box there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio electron , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world and a garden .
They lay out the box and all the people inside each other with each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you redefines who you are and the box you 're living in .
And together we got to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of the countries , the boundaries , the religion , does n't work .
We 're all very much made of the same stuff and the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when your head hurts ?
Take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first goes through your stomach , the guts and other organs .
I 'll take a pill , it 's the most effective and <unk> system so that any drug impacts on the body .
The downside , though , is that when any drug is given up .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they 're going to be able to decrease the amount of virus in blood , and increase the cell count count .
But they also are known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in time that it takes to get to the blood flow , they 're <unk> , and worse even for the time it took to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the storage of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the axillary nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and does n't come into the blood stream of patients who are <unk> to regular drugs .
However , after treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drug treatment that is managed to be oral care .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for the care of wounds and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything you can imagine , including the transportation transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're using pulses of laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , that open and closing almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best people say , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a very powerful laser beam on the living cellular membrane , while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're currently testing this technology in vitro or Petri plates , but the goal is to take this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a device in three heads .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision in the infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is leading to the place of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it releases it directly into the infection site , whereas the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't seem to be a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher of HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying armed armed groups : armed organizations -- armed organizations , insurgents or militia .
They 're doing what these groups do when they 're not shooting at them .
My goal is to understand better to these <unk> agents of violence and study ways to encourage violent engagement by violent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding to these groups is key to these groups to solve almost every conflict in course , because war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and non-state actors .
For example , the <unk> peace agreements between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> had been signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , and we even have to engage them , or we need to engage them in any process of successful conflicts .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what drives these organizations .
We know the reasons why they fight , how they do it , but nobody looks at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and armed policies are connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We can not understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
Today 's armed groups are complex organizations .
For example , <unk> Lebanese , known for his violent cousin against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shoot .
You 're multitasking .
It 's a complex machine of communication : radio stations , TV channels , web websites and strategies in social networks .
And here 's the ISIS magazine , printed in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups are also investing in a complex fundraising fundraising , but through cost-effective business , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow them to increase their strength , increase their strength , to increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
<unk> groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they build professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't yield , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in a Afghanistan torn out by war or even the beginning of ISIS promotion , can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a price raging for the population .
But in general , providing social services to fill a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow up because they fill left gaps by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , they participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are these organizations , we can less than the opposite of a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
It 's part of a territory , they run all of their functions , pick out the garbage , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , from nations without state and hybrids , and the weaker they are states , as in the Middle East , the more they come in and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in the military tools .
We <unk> that gap of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is really important to establish and make peace together .
If we understand better than armed groups , we will understand better than incentives to encourage the transition to violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but not giving us peace .
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of the government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label of `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I became a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then on the interviews , people started calling the <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and the 20 years , I had some strange ideas about feminist , these young women , angry women , who hated the men and hated sex , as if that was something wrong .
Today , I see how women do all over the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that was using people in the realization that he could be feminist .
It will be labeled as feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I became a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , I 'm proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
It 's the same wages for the same work .
We have the right to travel around the world as the <unk> , free of abuse or violence .
We have right to use an easy and accessible way to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without legislative controls or doctrines to <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about women 's needs , you have to keep on account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and more .
We need to have these differences and how they affect us , the same way that we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , listen to rap music .
Although the letter degrades women , and it 's a deeply offends me , the classic <unk> of the yin yang <unk> is incredible .
`` Do you do it with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give him , <unk> until you leave the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm totally mortified by my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all household tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> , the <unk> , the <unk> of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love from the fashion magazines and the nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedies , and I 've got to sort of think about the <unk> of the fairy tales that are actually made .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when choosing .
We fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> the needs of color women , the working , gay and transgender women , favor of white , heterosexual , middle-class , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism I 'm a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted on a pedestal .
We expect it to match perfection .
When we <unk> , we drank them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think I think about that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged being tagged .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that sticker means , I fear not be able to fulfill the little realistic expectations .
Take <unk> , or as I call it , corruption .
Over the last few years , it 's a feminist <unk> .
In Chinese Music <unk> 2014 , on MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' in the word `` feminist . ''
It was a wonderful show , looking at this star of pop , embracing feminism , and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics started endless if it was not just feminist .
I had to lay out his feminism , instead of just believing the word of a grown-up and mature woman .
<unk> perfection of feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need to be so freaking out .
We 're going to go far beyond state-of-the-art criticism and constructive , to take the feminism of any woman , push it up until there 's nothing .
We do n't need to do that .
Evil feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of starting .
But what happens next ?
We 're going to recognize our imperfections in giving up , move to action and be a little bit more brave .
If I hear demeaning music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs until we <unk> change effectively to their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does their music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions are needed to make it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two great , wonderful , bright girls , and also very brave .
where you have to be appreciated by the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is seen as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women like sports , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change your radio broadcaster when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movie elsewhere , when movies do n't treat women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting sports sports where athletes treat their peers as boxing .
In any case , men , especially men , heterosexual men , can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until it does n't include a number of women , so much to participate in how to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until their publication , or their organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also invite themselves to be welcome to the barriers to decision decisions .
Because we 're not groupers on <unk> . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top , to the people in the power and the music and the music and the music , the legislators , the people who can make big decisions , more brave , to create a lasting change and significant change .
We can also tell with courage for our feminism , good , bad , or any kind .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Well , I 'm supposed to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say , mostly , because the old voice was stolen and Feminism helped me to <unk> it .
There was an incident .
I call it the incident to address what happened .
Now , a few guys <unk> me when I was very young , and I did n't know kids can do this to a girl .
They treat me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I put my voice out , and after all of it , I was n't told to believe that I could say something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'd become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a bit brave , another woman I could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is about telling us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I 'm saying , and I do n't abandon everything that makes me human .
I hope we could all do the same thing .
I hope we could all be a little brave , when more you need such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had a measles for having visited Disneyland or because he was exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that may be fatal to a child with a <unk> system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something even worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed the argument about autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud for the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you think the majority of smart scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still going to understand that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase in autism in the time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about her creating their whole professional life without seeing a single case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence continued stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
fundraising organizations like <unk> <unk> refer to routinely autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people in the Center for Disease Control what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` <unk> criteria , '' and `` better detection , '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipates a lot of the fears of a young mother looking for her two year-old son , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria , they had to scale , why was it so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow progress and be careful about the science that with <unk> power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same is having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published a paper that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private , private worlds to people around them , even their own parents .
You could have fun for hours by waving the hands on their faces , but they were prey to panic as when he was not putting his favorite toy in their usual location without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world on the subject , I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as you pick references as distant places like South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the <unk> criteria for autism was very <unk> .
For example , let me give you that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he was told that he had become nine , every 10 children sent by other doctors to her office for autistic people without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
They were doing autism as a kind of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , have kept a refrigerator in a refrigerator that 's not <unk> .
At the same time , though , <unk> noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are clustering in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned the two years .
When his mother put one of her favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , stating things like the children were simply unacceptable what they had heard their parents ' parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own right , making invisible into the world in general .
Remarkably , it was n't until the 1970s , which researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , I thought the theory of moms <unk> <unk> was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a child as <unk> <unk> , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
In order to advocate for the National Service , they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> , and his colleague , Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
It was a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What they saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> themselves in their fascination by astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
In another way , these kids did n't fit in beautiful , <unk> , like Judith , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost to try to make sense of their data .
How did nobody ever notice these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to a paper published in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time nobody wanted to remember .
And I knew I knew about this article of competition , but I avoided the mentioning in his own work .
There was no translation of the English , but luckily , the <unk> husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who ran an integrated clinic with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
Asperger 's ideas for teaching kids with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with the exercises of exercises with music , and kids were still his game on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability that required compassionate forms of support and tuned spaces over the course of all life .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's calling them their little teachers , and started to help in the development of education methods that were especially appropriate for them .
And basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse diverse variety of gifts and disabilities .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , seeing ways of this continuum in formerly known known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> teacher .
He was beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , a hint of autism is essential .
<unk> , and Judith found that he was wrong in that autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the diagnostic criteria that reflect the diversity of what called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s , their changes came into place , by monitoring the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive Asperger .
These changes did n't fall into a broken bag .
It happens , when he <unk> , and Judith worked in the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before `` Rain Man '' `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts , I knew what autism was , but after pediatricians acting Hoffman and as `` Rain 's <unk> '' and `` Rain Man '' with four prize awards with four prize awards .
At the same time , the first easy medical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of the awareness of autism .
The number of diagnostics started to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they expected it to be , making the people with autism and their families finally getting the support and the services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame for the increase in the diagnostics , a simple , powerful story , and seductive history credible , like the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the center of prevention that one of 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum , it 's right , the <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to refuse to reject the idea that are puzzles to solve for new medical advances , the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand the <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social refractive , and it has a deficit deficit .
Definitely , autistic people have difficulty living in a world that was not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still catching Asperger 's , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most inclusive aspects of autism are in understanding the teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith communities .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to save a brain .
Thank you .
